Achyutananda Samanta, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akshaya Kumar Kar, a member of the Krupaa Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amir Nayak, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amiya Kanta Mallick, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Ananta Nayak, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Anil Kumar Behera, a member of the Freethought Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anita Subhadarshini, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Anjani Soren, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 71 Lacs.

Anubhav Mohanty, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Aparajita Sarangi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Arup Mohan Patnaik, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ashok Pradhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Ashutosh Kumar Hanuman, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Atma Ram Supkar, a member of the Pragatisheel Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avimanyu Sethi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Baijayant Panda, a member of the BJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 57 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Balabhadra Majhi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Banamali Majhi, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Basanta Kumar Panda, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 95 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Basantalata Pattanayak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Basil Ekka, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Bhakta Charan Das, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 80 Lacs.

Bhakta Sekhar Ray, a member of the Kalinga Sena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bharat Chandra Singh, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Bhartruhari Mahtab, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhaskar Mutuka, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhimasen Behera, a member of the Freethought Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Hund.

Bhrugu Baxipatra, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Bibhu Prasad Tarai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Bibhuti Bhusan Majhi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bijaya Kumar Behera, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Binay Ocean, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Thou, liabilities amounting to 62 Thou.

Bishweswar Tudu, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Biswajit Goswami, a member of the Kalinga Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 87 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Biswanath Ramachandra, a member of the Freethought Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Thou.

Biswanath Rout, a member of the Krupaa Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brundaban Das Ajad, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chakradhar Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chakradhar Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Sekhar Sahu, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandradhwaj Majhi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandrani Murmu, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chhabilal Nial, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Damodara Sabar, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dayananda Bhitria, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Dharanidhar Nayak, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Dinesh Nag, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Dipak Kumar Das, a member of the Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Bipin Kusulia, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Debashis Marndi, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Dr. Sudarshan Lohar, a member of the Rashtriya Indepndent Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Durga Chandra Pingua, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

George Tirkey, a member of the INC Party, with 41 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Haji Sk Abdul Istar, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hatiram Durga, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hrudananda Karuan, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jadunath Sethi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagannath Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagannath Megh, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Janardan Pati, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayant Kumar Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Jayaprakash Sethi, a member of the Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 19 Thou.

Jayaram Pangi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Jual Oram, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Justin Lugun, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Shyambabu Subudhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 83, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Shyambabu Subudhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 83, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalikesh Narayan Singh Deo, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Kamalini Yadav, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Kanhu Charan Sanbad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kausalya Hikaka, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kirtan Bihari Malik, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Kousika Suna, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kulamani Urma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalita Kumar Nayak, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalmohan Hansdah, a member of the Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Laxmipriya Jena, a member of the Kalinga Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 74 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

M D Nizamuddin, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhu Sudan Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Madhumita Sethi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Mahameghabahan Aira Kharabela Swain, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Mahesh Sahoo, a member of the BJD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manas Jena, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Manasi Swain, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Mandakini Sethi, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Manjulata Mandal, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 89 Lacs.

Manoj Kumar Acharya, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Miss Juspin Lakra, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Alli, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Kumar Hembram, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Muralidhar Jena, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mustukim, a member of the BSP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is illiterate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nabakishore Pradhan, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nalini Kanta Pradhan, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Nanda Kishore Kisku, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Navajyoti Patnaik, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 104 Crore, liabilities amounting to 107 Crore.

Nitesh Ganga Deb, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Nrusingha Charan Das, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Panchanan Kanungo, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Parbati Purty, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Peeyuush Das, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Pinaki Misra, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 117 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Pitamber Sethi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhat Kumar Dharua, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 66 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradeep Kumar Debta, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Pradeep Kumar Majhi, a member of the INC Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradyumna Kumar Naik, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prafulla Nayak, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prakash Mishra, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramila Behera, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramila Bisoyi, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Kumar Mallick, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prasanna Acharya, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Pratap Chandra Sarangi, a member of the BJP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Hund.

Pratima Mallick, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Premananda Bag, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Priyabrata Garnaik, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Purna Chandra Nayak, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Puspendra Singh Deo, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Rabindra Kumar Jena, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Rabindra Nath Behera, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Rabindra Nath Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Raja Kamakhya Prasad Singh Deo, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajakishore Mallik, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajashree Mallick, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Rajeeb Chandra Khadanga, a member of the AIFB Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rajendra Kendruka, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 27, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rama Krushna Panda, a member of the CPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramakanta Panda, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramanath Barik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Ramchandra Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ramesh Chandra Majhi, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Ramesh Laguri, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rana Nag, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjan Kumar Mishra, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjan Kumar Sahoo, a member of the Bhartiya Manvadhikaar Federal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjit Malik, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Rudranarayan Pany, a member of the BJP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sabyasachi Mohapatra, a member of the Kalinga Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 56 Thou.

Samarendra Mishra, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Sambit Patra, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Sanjaya Kumar Sahoo, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjaya Kumar Sahoo, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sankar Sahu, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Kumar Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 51 Thou.

Santosh Kumar Patra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santoshini Karna, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Saptagiri Sankar Ulaka, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Sarat Pattanayak, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sarmistha Sethi, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saroj Kumar Panda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saroj Kumar Satpathy, a member of the Samata Kranti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 96 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sasmita Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Satya Prakash Nayak, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Smt. Sangeeta Kumari Singh Deo, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to 75 Lacs.

Somanath Behera, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Somiya Ranjan Das, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Srihari Patnaik, a member of the Odisha Pragati Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Srikanta Samal, a member of the Krupaa Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Subasa Chandra Malik, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhranshu Sekhar Padhi, a member of the AITC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 88 Lacs.

Sunakar Behera, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunita Biswal, a member of the BJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Suresh Kumar Putel, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Pujari, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Susil Kumar Jena, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tilottama Jena, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Thou, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Tilottama Sethy, a member of the Proutist Bloc, India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tirupati Rao Karanam, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tuna Mallick, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Udit Chandra Amat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V.Chandrasekhar Naidu, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Thou.

Akhlesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avinash Singh Sharma, a member of the Chandigarh Ki Aawaz Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Bhupinder Kaur, a member of the Sarvjan Sewa Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Boota Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Devi Sirohi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 68 Thou.

Gurmail Singh, a member of the AIFB Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Harmohan Dhawan, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdish Kumar Nidan, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Jyoti, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Apna Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karan Vasudeva, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kirron Kher, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Crore, liabilities amounting to 62 Lacs.

Lashkar Singh, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 78, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manjeet Singh Bohat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Mukesh Pachara, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nawab Ali, a member of the Rashtriya Lokswaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nidhi Kansal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parveen Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawan Kumar Bansal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prem Lata, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kamal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ramneet, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandeep Bidla, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Thou.

Sanjay Balaan, a member of the Bhartiya Jan Samman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is illiterate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sarabjeet Singh Sohal, a member of the Bhartiya Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 19 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Satish Kumar, a member of the Janral Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Satybir Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Manavadhikaar Federal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shambhu, a member of the Samaj Adhikar Kalyan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sharmila Johari, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Subhash Chander Goyal, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Tamoli, a member of the Bahujan Samaj Party (Ambedkar), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunita, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Tejinder Singh Walia, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uday Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Yogesh Dhingra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yograj Sahota, a member of the Rashtriya Jankranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Adv Narendra Sawaikar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aishwarya Arjun Salgaonkar, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Atmaram Korgaonkar, a member of the Republican Party of India (Kamble), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bhagawant Sadanand Kamat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Cosme Francisco Caitano Sardinha, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dattatraya Vittal Padgaonkar, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Kalidas Prakash Vaingankar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Elvis Gomes, a member of the AAP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Girish Raya Chodankar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Mayur Khanconkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakhi Amit Naik, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Shripad Yesso Naik, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

A M Izharul Haque, a member of the Sathi Aur Aapka Faisala Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aakash Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Lok Samta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Ajij, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Bari Siddiqui, a member of the RJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Abdul Wahid Khan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Abdur Rahman, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Abha Rai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Abhay Kumar Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abhijit Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Abhiram Priyadarshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abhishek Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abhishek Priyadarshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Abubakar Rahmani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abul Kalam Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Aditya Pradhan, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ajay Kumar, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Ajay Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Dalit Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 64 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Kumar Mandal, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 53 Lacs.

Ajay Kumar Sinha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ajay Nishad, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ajay Paswan, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 93 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajit Kumar, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Ajitansh Gaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 95 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhilesh Kumar, a member of the Asli Deshi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhtarul Iman, a member of the All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Ali Azhar Ansari, a member of the Maanavvaadi Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Thou.

Alimuddin Ansari, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Allamaa Shiblee Nomani Halami, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amar Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amarjeet Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Amarjit Patel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Amarjit Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amarnath Yadav, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 12 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Chaudhary, a member of the IND Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Kumar Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Vikram, a member of the Jantantrik Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Amrendra Kumar Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anamika Kumari, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anand Kumar Jha, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Mithila Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anand Kumar Maurya, a member of the Bahujan Azad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Anand Pathak, a member of the Hind Samrajya Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aniket Ranjan, a member of the IND Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Anil Bharti, a member of the Rashtravadi Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Kumar, a member of the Bharatiya Jan Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Kumar, a member of the Jantantrik Vikas Party, with 22 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Anil Kumar, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Anil Kumar Rai, a member of the Rashtriya Dal United Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Anil Kumar Sah, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Anil Kumar Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Anil Kumar Tiwari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Kumar Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anirudh Mehta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anirudh Prasad, a member of the BSP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Anirudh Singh, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aravind Kumar Sharma, a member of the Bharatiya Jan Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arbind Kumar, a member of the Rajnaitik Vikalp Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 91 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Arbind Kumar Sharma, a member of the Rashtriya Hind Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arif Isain Husain, a member of the Janta Dal Rashtravadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arjun Ray, a member of the RJD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Arjun Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Arun Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Samta Party (Secular), with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Arvind Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Arvind Kumar Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 47 Thou.

Asad Alam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asha Devi, a member of the Aam Adhikar Morcha Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 25, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 51 Thou.

Ashok Baitha, a member of the IND Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ashok Kumar Azad, a member of the Hindustani Awam Morcha (Secular) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Ashok Kumar Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ashok Kumar Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar Sah, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar Yadav, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 78 Lacs.

Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Avinash Kumar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avinash Kumar, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Azimuddin, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bablu Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 26, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baidyanath Prasad Mahto, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Balak Nath Sahni, a member of the Rashtriya mahan Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balendra Das, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Balmiki Paswan, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Thou.

Balmiki Prasad, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bandan Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Basant Singh, a member of the Bharatiya Jan Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Basudeo Hazarika, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Basukinath Sah, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Beena Devi W/O Ajit Kumar Ray, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharat Bhushan Pandey, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Jan Sangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bhim Kumar Gupta, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhisham Kumar Ray, a member of the Purvanchal Mahapanchayat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Bhola Ray, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhudeo Choudhary, a member of the Rashtriya Lok Samta Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Bindu Devi, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Binod Kumar Bikrant, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Binod Kumar Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bipin Kumar Singhwait, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Bipin Nath Tiwari, a member of the Loktantrik Jan Swaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Brahamdev Prasad, a member of the Shoshit Samaj Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Braj Kishor Jha, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brajeshwar Prasad Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Brijesh Kumar Kushwaha, a member of the Rashtriya Lok Samta Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Chandan Singh, a member of the LJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 47 Lacs.

Chandeshwar Prasad, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Prakash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Lacs.

Chandrika Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Chandrika Roy, a member of the RJD Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Chhedi Paswan, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Chhedi Ram, a member of the Bhartiya Mitra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chhote Lal Mahto, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chirag Kumar Paswan, a member of the LJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chiranjib Kumar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 76 Lacs.

Choudhary Mahbub Ali Kaisar, a member of the LJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dasai Chaudhary, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Dayanand Rajwanshi, a member of the Moolniwasi Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deep Narayan Mandal, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Kumar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Yadav, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Deva Kant Mishra Alias Munna Bhaiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Devendra Prasad Singh, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devendra Prasad Yadav, a member of the Samajwadi Janata Dal Democratic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devendra Rakesh, a member of the Bajjikanchal Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Devendra Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Sarvjan Vikas Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dhaneshwar Mahto, a member of the Bhartiya Mitra Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Dhanjit Singh, a member of the Voters Party International, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhanvanti Devi, a member of the Lok Chetna Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharamveer Kumar, a member of the Bihar Lok Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmendra Paswan, a member of the Bharatiya Momin Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmendra Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dharmraj Paswan, a member of the Lok Jan Vikas Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhiraj Narain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhirendra Choudhary, a member of the Aam Adhikar Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhirendra Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dileshwar Kamait, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilip Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dilip Kumar Manjhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilip Rawat, a member of the Maanavvaadi Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Din Dayal Bharti, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dina Saw, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinanath Manjhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinanath Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinesh Chandra Yadav, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Dinesh Prasad Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Dinesh Sahani, a member of the Rashtriya mahan Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Ajay Singh Almust, a member of the Rashtriya Samta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Dr Dharmendra Kumar, a member of the Akhil Hind Forward Bloc (Krantikari) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Alok Kumar Suman, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Dr. Ashok Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Gopal Prasad, a member of the Bhartiya New Sanskar Krantikari Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Kumar Sheelbhadra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Mohammad Jawed, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 53 Lacs.

Dr. Mritunjay Kumar Jha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dr. Sanjay Jaiswal, a member of the BJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Dr. Shakeel Ahmad, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dulal Chandra Goswami, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Durgesh Nandan Singh Alias Durgesh Yadav, a member of the Rashtriya Janvikas Party (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Durgesh Singh Chauhan, a member of the Bihar Lok Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ganga Kebat, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganga Prasad Yadav, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganpati Jha, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Gaurav Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Lokmat Rashtrwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaya Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ghanshyam Tiwari, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Giridhar Sapera, a member of the Bharatiya Rashtriya Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Giridhari Yadav, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Giriraj Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Gopaljee Thakur, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Gorakh Ram, a member of the Voters Party International, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gulab Yadav, a member of the RJD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Haserul, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hema Jha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hena Shahab, a member of the RJD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Indra Deo Paswan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Indu Devi Mishra, a member of the Bharatiya Jan Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ishteyaque Ahmad, a member of the Yuva Krantikari Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ismohamad Alias Md. Munna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagadanand Singh, a member of the RJD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 75, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Jagdish Prasad, a member of the Bajjikanchal Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Jai Prakash Narayan Yadav, a member of the RJD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Jai Prakash Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Janardan Singh Sigriwal, a member of the BJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Jasem Ahamad, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jauhar Azad, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Javed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 54 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Javed Akhter, a member of the AITC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jay Narayan Sah, a member of the Bajjikanchal Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jay Prakash Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jaykant Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jibas Paswan, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Jitan Ram Manjhi, a member of the Hindustani Awam Morcha (Secular) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 61 Thou.

Jitendra Bind, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Urab, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Junaid Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Juned Khan, a member of the Bhartiya Insan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jyoti Rashmi, a member of the Rashtra Sewa Dal Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Kailash Prasad Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamlesh Ram (Prasad), a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanhaiya Kumar, a member of the CPI Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kaushlendra Kumar, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Kavita Singh, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kedar Nath Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kiran Devi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishandev Mandal, a member of the Rashtravadi Janata Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishna Murari Kumar, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishna Paswan, a member of the Bhartiya Kranti Vir Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Kumar Gaurav, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Kumar Hari Charan Singh Yadav, a member of the Bharatiya Momin Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumar Navneet Himanshu, a member of the BSP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumar Raunak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kumar Saurabh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Kumari Aashiki, a member of the Sathi Aur Aapka Faisala Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunal Kishore Vivek, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kundan Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunti Devi, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakshaman Kumar Ojha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Lakshman Prasad Yadav, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalan Kumar Roy, a member of the Baliraja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Lalbabu Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalita Ray, a member of the Bahujan Nyay Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Lalji Kuamr Rakesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalo Paswan, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalu Prasad Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.K.Singh Rathour, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Madhuri Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhuvala Devi, a member of the Aam Janta Party Rashtriya, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Mahabali Singh, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Mahboob Alam Ansari, a member of the Bharatiya Momin Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Nandan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 55 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maksudan Paswan, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Mamta Kumari, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mamta Pandey, a member of the Rashtriya Samta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Manju Murmu, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar, a member of the Janta Raj Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Manoj Kumar, a member of the Janhit Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Manoj Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar Manda, a member of the Aam Adhikar Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Manoj Kumar Sah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Singh Kushvaha, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Manoj Tiwari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Manoj Yadav, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mantesh Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Mantu Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Marang Hansda, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Akhtar Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Matin, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Minhaz Alam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Mobinul Haque, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Afroj Alam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Anwar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Md. Kalimullah, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Md. Khalique Ansari, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Mukhtar, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Md. Mukhtar Alam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Rafique Alam, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 97 Thou.

Md. Tanweer Hassan, a member of the RJD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Md. Taufique Ahmad, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meira Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Menaka Raman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Mintu Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mira Kumari Yadav, a member of the Shoshit Samaj Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Misha Bharti, a member of the RJD Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Mohamad Idris, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Abul Kalam Azad, a member of the Jai Hind Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Ajmer Alam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Arshad Hussain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Ashiq Ibrahimi, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Atahar Hussain, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mohammad Surkhab Alam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Bind, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Sah, a member of the Kisan Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mokim Uddin, a member of the Rashtriya Ulama Council Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Moni Kumar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Mp Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Thou.

Mritiunjay Roy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muhammad Shakur, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, a Graduate, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Mukesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Kumar Jha, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 97 Lacs.

Mukesh Sahani, a member of the Vikassheel Insaan Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mukesh Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muneshwar Tiwary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Munna Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Nabi Hussain, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Nafish Ahmad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagendra Singh Tyagi, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nageshwar Prasad Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nand Kishor Yadav, a member of the Swaraj Party (Loktantrik), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nand Kishore Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nandan Kumar, a member of the Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narad Pandit, a member of the Bharatiya Samta Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Thou.

Naresh Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Ram, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 28 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Yadav, a member of the BSP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Naresh Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Naveen Kumar Singh, a member of the Bihar Lok Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Navin Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Neelam Kumari, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Neelu Devi, a member of the Bhartiya Dalit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nilam Devi, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 62 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Crore.

Nimesh Shukla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Nirmala Devi, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nita Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Nityanand Rai, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Nityanand Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Nivedita Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nurullah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Om Prakash Manjhi, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Om Prakash Poddar, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Panchanand Singh, a member of the Jago Hindustan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 66 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Kumar, a member of the Aap Aur Hum Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Pankaj Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Pankaj Kumar Das, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parasnath Pandey, a member of the Janvadi Party(Socialist), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parasnath Ram, a member of the Janata Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parmanand Gond, a member of the Swatantra Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parmanand Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pashupati Kumar Paras, a member of the LJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 67 Lacs.

Pawan Kumar Pandey, a member of the Bhartiya Lokmat Rashtrwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Pawan Thakur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Phesal Ansari, a member of the Bharatiya Momin Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pinku Paswan, a member of the Yuva Krantikari Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhakar Jayaswal, a member of the CPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 29 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Prabhash Chandra Sharma, a member of the Vanchit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 49 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhat Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhat Prasad, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhu Narayan, a member of the SHS Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Pradeep Chouhan, a member of the Bihar Lok Nirman Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Pradeep Kumar Singh, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradeep Kumar Singh, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradeep Kumar Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Pradip Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Prakash Chandra, a member of the Public Mission Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 38 Lacs.

Prakash Chandra Goyal, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Kumar Nirala, a member of the Vanchit Samaj Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Singh Weldone, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 81 Thou.

Pranav Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pranay Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pravin Kumar Jha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prithvi Nath Prasad, a member of the Asli Deshi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Priyadarshi Dinkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prof. K.B. Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Punam Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Punit Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Pupul Kumar Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 68 Thou.

Purushotam Sharma, a member of the National Jagaran Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Putul Kumari, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

R. K. Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radha Mohan Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Raghunath Kumar, a member of the AAP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 87 Lacs.

Raghuni Ram Shastri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raghuvansh Prasad Singh, a member of the RJD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Raj Bhushan Chaudhry, a member of the Vikassheel Insaan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Raj Giri Bhagat, a member of the Shoshit Samaj Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kishor Prasad, a member of the Vanchit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kishore Prasad, a member of the Proutist Bloc, India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Raj Kumar Chauhan, a member of the Bihar Lok Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Raj Kumar Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kumar Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kumar Ram, a member of the Bharatiya Momin Front Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kumar Ray, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kumar Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Raj Narayan Tiwari, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Raja Ram Singh, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Rajanikant Choudhary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajeev Ranjan Kumar, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Paswan, a member of the Lok Jan Vikas Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Paswan, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rajesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar, a member of the Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Lacs.

Rajesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Rajesh Kumar Dubey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar Paswan, a member of the Aam Janta Party Rashtriya, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rajesh Kumar Ratnakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar S/O Jawahar Lal Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar S/O Yugeshwar Sah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kushwaha, a member of the Rashtriya Sarvjan Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Rajesh Ranjan, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party (Loktantrik), with 31 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Rajgir Paswan, a member of the Bajjikanchal Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajiv Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajiv Kumar Yadav, a member of the Baliraja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajiv Pratap Rudy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajiv Ranjan, a member of the Janta Dal Rashtravadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Rajiv Ranjan Singh, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 75 Lacs.

Rajkishor Prasad, a member of the JMM Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Lacs.

Rajnish Kumar Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajo Sah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Raju Kumar Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Yadav, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Chaudhari, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Rakesh Kewat, a member of the Rashtriya Hind Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Rakesh Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Rakesh Kumar Rai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 86 Thou.

Rakesh Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Raushan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Ayodhya Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Charitra Prasad Singh, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 72, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Ram Dayal Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 96 Thou.

Ram Kripal Yadav, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Ram Kumar Manjhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Narayan Bharti, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ram Narayan Manjhi, a member of the Sankhyanupati Bhagidari Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Niranjan Roy, a member of the Rashtrawadi Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Pravesh Rajak, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ram Raj Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Swarup Bharti, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rama Devi, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 32 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramakant Choudhari, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Thou.

Ramanand Rishideo, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramanand Thakur, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramashray Thakur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramchandra Paswan, a member of the LJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Ramchandra Prasad, a member of the Samagra Utthan Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ramchandra Sah, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramchandra Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ramekbal Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Kamat, a member of the Aam Adhikar Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Ramesh Kumar Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ramesh Kumar Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1107 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rameshwar Sah, a member of the Rashtriya Pragati Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rameshwar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Hund.

Ramjee Kewat, a member of the Rashtriya mahan Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramji Singh Kanta, a member of the Akhil Hind Forward Bloc (Krantikari) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramprit Mandal, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ramvilaf Paswan, a member of the Rashtriya Hind Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Thou.

Randhir Kumar Singh, a member of the RJD Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 62 Lacs.

Randhir Kumar Tiwari, a member of the Asli Deshi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranganathacharya, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rani Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjeet Ranjan, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ranjit Kumar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjit Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ratan Bihari, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ratan Kumar Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ratneshwar Jha, a member of the Aadarsh Mithila Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Raushan Kumar, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi Raj, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Ravi Shankar Prasad, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravindra Kumar Chandra Urf Dr. Raja Babu, a member of the Bhartiya Mitra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rekha Kumari, a member of the Purvanchal Mahapanchayat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rekha Ranjan Yadav, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Renu Khari, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Reshami Devi, a member of the Bajjikanchal Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rinku Devi1, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rita Devi, a member of the Vikassheel Insaan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ritesh Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rohit Kumar Yadav, a member of the Sanyukt Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachin Paswan, a member of the Rashtriya Hind Sena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sageer Ahmad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saguni Ray, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samir Kumar Jha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

Sampati Kumar, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Sandeep Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandip Kumar Saket, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sangram Kumar Sada, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Bhartia, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Kesari, a member of the SHS Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Thou.

Sanjay Kumar Patel, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 71 Thou.

Sanjay Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Prajapati, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Sardar, a member of the Lok Sewa Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Sanjeet Kumar, a member of the Jantantrik Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sanjeet Kumar Chaudhary, a member of the Aam Janta Party Rashtriya, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjiv Kumar Kunal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanoj Kumar Chauhan, a member of the Bihar Lok Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Santosh Kumar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Kumar, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Santosh Kumar Sinha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Kumar Yadav, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sarfaraz Alam, a member of the RJD Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Lacs.

Saroj Kumar Chaudhary, a member of the Mithilanchal Mukti Morcha Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Chandra Jha, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Satish Kumar, a member of the Bharatiya Momin Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 51 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Kumar Mishra, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satya Narayan Mehta, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satya Narayan Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satya Narayan Ram, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satyam Yadav, a member of the Bahujan Nyay Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 77 Thou.

Satyendra Kumar, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Satyendra Kushwaha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Thou.

Saurabh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shabana, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Shah Tariq Anwar, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Shaheen Praveen, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Shailendra Chaudhari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailesh Kumar, a member of the RJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Shailesh Kumar, a member of the Bharatiya Aam Awam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shakti Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shambhu Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Shamim Alam, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shankar Mahto, a member of the BSP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shankar Pandey, a member of the Bahujan Nyay Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sharad Yadav, a member of the RJD Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shashi Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shashi Kumar, a member of the NCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shashi Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shashikant Singh, a member of the Bharatiya Momin Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Shashwat Kedar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Shatrughan Sinha, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, a Graduate, assets valued at 193 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Crore.

Shatrughna Tiwary, a member of the Bajjikanchal Vikas Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Shekh Seraj, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Apna Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sheojee Ram, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Brat Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Shiv Das Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 80, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Kumar Chaudhary, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Kumar Singh, a member of the Apna Kisan Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Narayan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Shiv Shakti Monu, a member of the Bihar Lok Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Shankar, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiva Bihari Singhania, a member of the Bharat Nirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivchandra Ram, a member of the RJD Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 49 Lacs.

Shivnandan Mandal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 81, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiwani Kant, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Shobha Devi, a member of the Shoshit Samaj Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shobha Soren, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Shree Bhagwan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Shubhash Kumar Thakur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shukal Murmu, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with unspecified educational background, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyam Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Hind Sena Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Sobha Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sohan Ray, a member of the Yuva Krantikari Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sohavan Paswan, a member of the Public Mission Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Som Prakash, a member of the Swaraj Party (Loktantrik), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sonelal Kora, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Chandra Jha, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Singh, a member of the Jago Hindustan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudama Singh, a member of the Bihar Lok Nirman Dal Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 99 Thou.

Sudha Rani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudhakar Jha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudhir Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudhir Kumar Jha, a member of the Yuva Krantikari Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sudhir Kumar Ray, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Sudhir Kumar Singh, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Sukhdeo Prasad, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Suman Kumar Jha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumit Ranjan Sinha, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 86 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Sunil Paswan, a member of the Bharat Bhrashtachar Mitao Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Ravidas, a member of the RPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Yadav, a member of the Garib Janshakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suraj Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suraj Kumar Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Surendra Kumar, a member of the Bajjikanchal Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surendra Prasad Suman, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surendra Prasad Yadav, a member of the RJD Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Surendra Ram S/O Ganesh Ram, a member of the RJD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Thou.

Surendra Ram S/O Late Chandradev Ram, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Surendra Ray, a member of the Rashtriya Hind Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Surendra Singh, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Suresh Kumar Bharti, a member of the Asli Deshi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Suresh Kumar Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Sah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suryoday Paswan, a member of the Sankhyanupati Bhagidari Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sushil Kumar Das, a member of the Bhartiya Dalit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sushil Kumar Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sushil Kumar Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Sushma Devi, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Swarnlata Devi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 47 Lacs.

Syed Alamdar Hussain, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Syed Faisal Ali, a member of the RJD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 88 Lacs.

Syed Mahmood Ashraf, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Tarachand Paswan, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Tej Bahadur Singh, a member of the Proutist Sarva Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, a Graduate, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thakur Chandan Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Tulsi Dayal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Uchit Kumar, a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party of India(Marxis, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uday Narayan Rai, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uday Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 341 Crore, liabilities amounting to 71 Crore.

Uma Shankar Kharwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uma Shankar Verma, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umakant Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umashankar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Umesh Chandra Bharti, a member of the Aadarsh Mithila Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Das, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Umesh Patel, a member of the Shoshit Samaj Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Rajak, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Upendra Kumar Giri, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Upendra Kushwaha, a member of the Rashtriya Lok Samta Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Upendra Kushwaha, a member of the Rashtriya Lok Samta Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Upendra Prasad, a member of the Hindustani Awam Morcha (Secular) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Upendra Sahani, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Upendra Sahani, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Usha Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Usha Sharan, a member of the Shoshit Samaj Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Veena Devi, a member of the LJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Crore.

Vibha Devi, a member of the RJD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 48 Lacs.

Vidya Bhushan, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vidya Jyoti, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Vidya Nand Ram, a member of the Wazib Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vidya Sagar Mandal, a member of the Jago Hindustan Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Bahadur Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Sahyog Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Kumar, a member of the JD(U) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Vijay Kumar Chaudhari, a member of the Janta Dal Rashtravadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vijay Kumar Ram, a member of the Vanchit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Thou, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Vijay Nandan Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Ram, a member of the Moolniwasi Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Vikash Kumar Arya, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikash Kumar Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vinay Kumar Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinay Kumar Srivastava, a member of the Rashtriya Samta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinay Kumar Varun, a member of the Janhit Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Vinod Das, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 81 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Sah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Virendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vishnu Dev, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vishnu Dev Yadav, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishnu Priya, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Wakil Ahmad, a member of the Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yogendra Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Aziz, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Khaleque, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Abu Taher Bepari, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Ainul Haque, a member of the Asom Jana Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajoy Kumar Sarkar, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alakesh Roy, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alimuddin Ahmed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Amiya Kumar Handique, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anamika Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Borgohain, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anup Pratim Borbaruah, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anupam Singha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Apurba Saikia, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arbin Kumar Boruah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arfan Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aroon Barooa, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arup Kalita, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashahak Ali Dewan, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashitava Dutta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ashutosh Bhattacharjee, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Azgor Ali, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Badruddin Ajmal, a member of the AIUDF Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 78 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Badrul Islam Barbhuiya, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhaben Baruah, a member of the NPP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhadreswar Barman, a member of the National Republican Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhubaneswar Kalita, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhupen Narah, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bijoy Kumar Tiru, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Biraj Deka, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Biren Singh Engti, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bobbeeta Sharma, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Chandan Das, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Charan Iswary, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Chitralekha Das, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilip Moran, a member of the Assam Dristi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Dr. Avijit Chakraborty, a member of the Bharatiya Gana Parishad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Faruk Ahmed Bhuyan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 92 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dr. Titus Bhengra, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gandheswar Mochahari, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaurav Gogoi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Hem Kanta Miri, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hiralal Rabidas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hitabrata Roy, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Holiram Terang, a member of the Autonomous State Demand Committee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Horen Sing Bey, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 59 Lacs.

Israil Nanda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Jayanta Kumar Kalita, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Johirul Islam Khan, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Junmoni Devi Khaund, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Crore.

Kamala Raj Konwar, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanak Gogoi, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kazi Nekib Ahmed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kripanath Mallah, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumar Deepak Das, a member of the Asom Gana Parishad Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Lienkhochon, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

M.G.V.K. Bhanu, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Bhuyan, a member of the NCP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Orang, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mamoni Sarma, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mani Ram Basumatari, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Sharma, a member of the AITC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Matiar Rahman, a member of the The National Road Map Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Ambaz Uddin, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Hariqul Islam Bhuyan, a member of the Asom Jana Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Nurul Huda Imdadul Islam Saikia, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Thou.

Mehbubar Rahman, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mir Hussain Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mohendra Chandra Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Moni Madhab Mahanta, a member of the Asom Gana Parishad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naba Kumar Sarania, a member of the IND Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nandita Nag, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 60 Lacs.

Nazia Yasmin Mazumdar, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Nazmul Haque Laskar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nikhil Ranjan Das, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nripen Das, a member of the Bharatiya National Janta Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nurul Islam Choudhury, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Paban Singh Ghatowar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pallab Lochan Das, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Das, a member of the Swarna Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Parikshit Roy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Partha Pratim Baruah, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 67 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradan Baruah, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 58 Lacs.

Pradyut Bordoloi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Pramila Rani Brahma, a member of the Bodoland Peoples Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pranabjyoti Das Rajbonshi, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prasanjit Kumar Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Probash Chandra Sarkar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Probhu Lal Vaisnava, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Prodeep Kumar Daimary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Puran Lal Goala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Queen Oja, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 63 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Rabindra Chandra Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 90 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radheshyam Biswas, a member of the AIUDF Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rafiqul Islam, a member of the AIUDF Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Raj Kumar Duwara, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajdeep Roy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 69 Lacs.

Rajesh Narzary, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajib Kakati, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Raju Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Bahadur Sunar, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rameswar Teli, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramnarayan Suklabaidya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjoy Kr. Brahma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ratul Kumar Choudhury, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rejaul Karim, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ribulaya Gogoi, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Hund.

Rubi Neog, a member of the National Republican Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rubul Buragohain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Rukunur Zaman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sabda Ram Rabha, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sabindra Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sadek Ali, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sahadeb Das, a member of the AITC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saiful Islam Choudhury, a member of the Asom Jana Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Saniara Parbin, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santanu Mukherjee, a member of the Bharatiya Gana Parishad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satyajit Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Shajahan Sheikh, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shree Diganta Kumar Saikia, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Dilip Saikia, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shukur Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shuvadip Datta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Shyam Deo Kurmi, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Smt. Sushmita Dev, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sri Bhaskar Sarmah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sri Biren Basak, a member of the Bharatiya Gana Parishad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Sri Jiten Gogoi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Sri Rupak Sharma, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 72 Lacs.

Sri Shankha Sinha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 93 Thou.

Sudhendu Mohan Talukdar, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Sukanta Mazumdar, a member of the Bharatiya Gana Parishad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 68 Thou.

Surat Jaman Mondal, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sushanta Borgohain, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swarnalata Chaliha, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swarup Das, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 47 Lacs.

Topon Kumar Gogoi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ubaidur Rahman, a member of the Asom Jana Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Upamanyu Hazarika, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Urkhao Gwra Brahma, a member of the United Peoples Party, Liberal, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Utpal Borgohain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Uttam Kumar Ray, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 63 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Zabed Islam, a member of the Asom Gana Parishad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Zakir Hussain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ziabur Rahman Khan, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Parmar Vijay, a member of the BSP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A. J. Patel, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 69 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Aamin Mamadbhai Safiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 46 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aantroliya Karabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Abdulkudus Abdulmajid Molapiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alimamad Palani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 38 Thou.

Alpesh Vadoliya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amandbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amardas Desani, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Shah, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 47 Lacs.

Amrutham Narsaiya, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Anishbhai Gaffarbhai Bhimani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvindbhai Bhanabhai Rathod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Vallabhbhai Pate, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Atulbhai Nanubhai Kathiriya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 33 Thou.

Babubhai Talaviya, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babulal Amarshi Vaghela, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is illiterate, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bagda Himmatbhai Danjibhai, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baraiya Rameshbhai Parsottambhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Barot Kuldipkumar Bharatkumar, a member of the Yuva Jan Jagriti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Bathvar Nanji Amarshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baxi Mrudul Ashwinkumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhabhor Dhulabhai Ditabhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 71 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhailalbhai Pandav, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhanderi Amarshibhai Chhaganbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Bhanjibhai Shekhava, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Bhanubhai Odedra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Bharat Ramjibhai Dagara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharatbhai Chhotabhai Solanki, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bharatbhai Madhavsinh Solanki, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Bhargav Joshi, a member of the Gujarat Janta Panchayat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Bharkhani Karabhai Jivabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who is illiterate, assets valued at 91 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharvad Saileshkumar Kalidas, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Bhathaniya Faridbhai Amijibhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bhatt Ashishkumar Manojkumar, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Jan Sangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bhatt Sunilkumar Narendrabhai, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhatt Sunilkumar Narendrabhai, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhavanbhai Devjibhai Vora, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhitora Bhavesh Chimanbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 66 Thou, liabilities amounting to 21 Thou.

Bhoraniya Soyabbhai Hasambhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhupatbhai Laljibhai Solanki, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhut Ashokbhai Bhimjibhai, a member of the Rashtriya Samajwadi Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Bimalbhai Shah, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Champaben Zaverbhai Chauhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandansinh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandrapal Hasmukh Bavjibhai, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Charmta Bharatkumar Khemabhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Chaudhari Jitubhai Harjibhai, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chaudhari Kirtibhai Jesangbhai, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Chaudhari Sendhabhai Abherajbhai, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chaudhari Shaileshkumar Kanjibhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chaudhari Tusharbhai Amarsinhbhai, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chauhan Ajaykumar Ramratansinh, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chauhan Dayabhai Bhagvanbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Chauhan Devusinh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Chauhan Dhiraj Kantilal, a member of the IND Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chauhan Harishbhai Jethabhai, a member of the Rashtriya Power Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chauhan Kiritbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chauhan Manojbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Chauhan Narendra Sinh Makhatul Sinh, a member of the Yuva Jan Jagriti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 16 Thou.

Chauhan Nileshkumar Khushalbhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 92 Thou.

Chauhan Parsottambhai, a member of the Yuva Jan Jagriti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Chauhan Prahladbhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chauhan Ravjibhai Mulabhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chavada Ashok, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 71 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chavada Shamjibhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chavda Chatursinh Javanji, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Chavda Kaushikkumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Chavda Pravinbhai Chanabhai, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Chavda Vinod Lakhamshi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Chhotubhai Vasava, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Chitroda Nathalal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Chudasama Rajeshbhai Naranbhai, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Dabhi Bharatsinhji Shankarji, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

Dalvadi Nakum Rasik Lalji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Damor Manabhai Bhavsing, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Daniya Anirudhbhai Gandabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dayala Subhashbhai Parbatbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dekavadiya Darjibhai Maganbhai, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Dengada Pravinbhai, a member of the IND Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Desai Ishvarbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Devadha Samsubhai Khatarabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devda Dasharath Misarilal, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 65 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deven Govindbhai Vanvi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhameliya Piyushkumar Vallabhabhai, a member of the Real Democracy Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dhapa Dharamshibhai Ramjibhai, a member of the Vyavastha Parivartan Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dhapa Dharamshibhai Ramjibhai, a member of the Vyavastha Parivartan Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dharmendra Vajubhai Makwana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhirubhai Babulal Shrimali, a member of the New All India Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dineshbhai Chaturbhai Jikadara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dineshbhai Gulabbhai Chaudhari, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 95 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dipakbhai Ramnikbhai Gangani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 38 Lacs.

Dipika Jitendrakumar Sutaria, a member of the Manvadhikar National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Donga Jayantilal Arjanbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Dost Mer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Chandraben, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

Dr. Hiteshkumar Mahendrabhai, a member of the Nirbhay Bharteey Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Dr. Rahul Vasudevbhai Vyas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 83 Lacs.

Dr. Solanki Kiritbhai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr.Bharatiben Dhirubhai Shiyal, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Dr.K.C.Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gamit Kaushikbhai Virendrabhai, a member of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 62 Thou.

Gamit Mohanbhai Babubhai, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gamit Sureshbhai Babubhai, a member of the Svatantra Bharat Satyagrah Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganvit Jayendrabhai Laxmanbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaurangbhai Rameshbhai Patel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautamraj G. Hindustani, a member of the Yuva Sarkar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Geetaben Patel, a member of the INC Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Gohil Rinku, a member of the Yuva Jan Jagriti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Goltar Bhagvanbhai Maiyabhai, a member of the IND Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Gosai Rasikpragat Samjupragat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Govindbhai Laxmanbhai Rathod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Hanifbhai Kayabhai Katiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 55 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Haresh Manubhai Sardhara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hareshbhai Babubhai Vegad, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Harshadkumar Laxmanbhai Solanki, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hiramaniben, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Hitendrasinh Parmar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

J. B. Chauhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 92 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jadav Ulpesh Jyantilal, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Jadeja Bhavnaba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Jadeja Indravijaysinh, a member of the Yuva Jan Jagriti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdishbhai Manilal Meda, a member of the Bharatiya National Janta Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdishji Parthiji Dharani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jahid Aavad Jami, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jain Rajendrakumar Anilkumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jardosh Darshnaben Vikrambhai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jargela Hasanbhai Abdulbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jaspalsinh Tomar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jasvantsinh Sumanbhai Bhabhor, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jat Subhas Singh Brijlal, a member of the All India Hindustan Congress Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jawadkhan Sujatkhan Pathan, a member of the Yuva Sarkar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayendra Karshanbhai Rathod, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayswal Nareshkumar Babulal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jerambhai Raghavbhai Parmar, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Parmar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jogiya Amisha Vikrambhai, a member of the Sanyukt Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 38 Thou.

Kachchhi Daudbhai Nathabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kachhadiya Naranbhai Bhikhabhai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Kadavala Samatbha, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Kadri Mohammad Sabir, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kagathara Lalitbhai, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Kalabhai Bababhai Parmar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalara Ramsingbhai Nanjibhai, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalubhai Malubhai Vadaliya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kandoriya Mulubhai Ranmalbhai, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Karia Dhirenbhai Amrutlal, a member of the IND Party, with 28 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

Karimbhai Adambhai Urfe Bababhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Katara Babubhai Khimabhai, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Keyur Pravinbhai Patel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Khadadiya Kanubhai Tapubhai, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Khan Heenabegam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kharadi Dharmendrasingh Samsubhai, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Khodabhai Lalajibhai Desai, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kirtikumar Marvaniya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kishorbhai Ramanbhai Patel, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Koli Patel Laljibhai Chaturbhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 63, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Koli Rameshbhai Virsangbhai Vaghela, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kolipatel Somabhai, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 79, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kundaria Mohanbhai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Lakhubhai Vaghela, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalabhai Gadhavi, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalit Vasoya, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Lata Babubhai Nathaji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Laxmishankar Madhusudan Joshi, a member of the Jan Satya Path Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Luhar Hafizhusen, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhu Nirupaben, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahedia Mahendrabhai Parsottamdas, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Mahendrabhai Munjpara, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mahendrabhai Somabhai Patni, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Prabhudas Ahuja, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Maheshwari Devjibhai Vachhiyabhai, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Makrani Ajazahmed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 87 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Makvana Kamabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 28 Thou, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Makwana Anilkumar Somabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Makwana Dalpatbhai Lagharbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Makwana Prakashbhai Bahecharji, a member of the Garvi Gujarat Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Makwana Vaghabhai Maganbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Malhotra Pankajkumar Dayabhai (Doctor Saheb), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manharbhai Nagjibhai Patel, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Manoj Premchand Gupta, a member of the Sarvodaya Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Mansukhbhai Vasava, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maru Manisha Bharat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mayursinh Vanrajsinh Zala, a member of the Rashtra Vikas Zumbes Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meghval Bhimjibhai Bhikhabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Minaxiben Rakeshkumar Solanki, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mishra Arjun Ramshankar, a member of the Jan Sangharsh Virat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 95 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mishra Jitendrabhai Premnath, a member of the Sanyukt Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mishra Rajkumar Malekchand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Miteshbhai Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 78 Lacs.

Mohsimmiya(Saiyad Mohsin Bapu), a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukhtiyar Shaikh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 54 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mundra Anilkumar, a member of the Lok Gathbandhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Nakum Narmadaben Khodalal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 89 Thou.

Nanalal Kalidas Maheta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naranbhai Tulsidas Sengal, a member of the Bahujan Suraksha Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendrabhai Revashanker Trivedi, a member of the Jan Satya Path Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Makwana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Naranbhai Maheshwari, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nareshkumar Rameshbhai Patel, a member of the Bharatiya National Janta Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Natvarbhai Dahyabhai Mahyavanshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nimesh Patel (Kamrol), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Oghadbhai Mer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Padhiyar Bharatkumar Ishvarlal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Panchabhai Bhayabhai Damaniya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pandya Pravinkumar Tulsidas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parbatbhai Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Parbhubhai Nagarbhai Vasava, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Paresh Dhanani, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pareshkumar Nanubhai Mulani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parmar Ashokchandra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parmar Chhaganchandraraj Dhanabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parmar Ghoghjibhai Kanjibhai, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 95 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Parmar Surajkumar Mahendrakumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parsani Ibrahimbhai Pirabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parthibhai Galbabhai Bhatol, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 75, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Pasvan Virendra, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Amarish Jasvantlal, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Patel Ambalal Talashibhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 71 Thou.

Patel Anitaben Ramabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Baldevbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Patel Dharmeshbhai, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Patel Hasmukhbhai Somabhai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 62 Lacs.

Patel Imran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Jayntibhai Shamjibhai, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Patel Kamleshkumar, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Keshavlal Gangarambhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Kiritkumar Babarbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Patel Nareshbhai Babubhai, a member of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Navinkumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Pankajbhai Lallubhai, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Patel Umeshbhai Maganbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Virendrakumar, a member of the NCP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pathan Aayashabanu, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pathan Aiyubkhan Ajabakhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Pathan Firozkhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pathan Imtiyazkhan, a member of the Apna Desh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pathan Salimkhan, a member of the Sanyukt Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 34 Thou.

Patil Chandrakant, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 44 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Poonamben Hematbhai Maadam, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Popatputra Rafik Abubakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradipbhai Mavjibhai Tank, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Pragneshbhai Ratilal Chaudhari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Prajapati Jayantibhai Devabhai, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Prajapati Kanubhai Amatharam, a member of the Bharatiya Rashtravadi Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 82 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prakash Amarnath Shukla, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Prashant Patel, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Pravinbhai Dhursingbhai Rathava, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Purohit Shyamaben Naranbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Rabari Dasabhai Karabhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rabari Karshanbhai Jeshabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Rafikbhai Sapa, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rahul Chimanbhai Mehta, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Maurya, a member of the Prajatantra Aadhar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajeshbhai Solanki, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Parmar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Rakeshbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramani Vimalbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rameshbhai Dhaduk, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Crore.

Ramjan Bhilubhai Mansuri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjanben Bhatt, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rank Jigneshbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ratansinh Rathod, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Rathava Furkanbhai Baljibhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rathava Ranjitsinh Mohansinh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Rathod Anandbhai Pachanbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathod Ashokbhai Vithathalbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathod Bhogilal Jenabhai, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathod Dayabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathod Dipsinh Shankarsinh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathod Govindbhai Bhikhabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathod Gulabsinh Dursinh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rathod Nathabhai Vasharambhai, a member of the Vyavastha Parivartan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathod Valjibhai Becharbhai, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathod Vijaysinh, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Rathva Bhavsingbhai Namarsingbhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathva Gitaben Vajesingbhai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathva Maganbhai Chathiyabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raval Rajubhai Punjabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Reshma Patel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rita Captain, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Riyaz Suriya, a member of the IND Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rohit Madhusudan Mohanbhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 90 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Sabbirbhai Patel, a member of the Apna Desh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachin Kinra, a member of the Rashtriya Nav Nirman Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Sahdevsinh Chudasama, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Saiyad Mehmud Ahmad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Salimbhai Shahbudinbhai Pathan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sama Yusuf, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samirbhai Rajeshbhai Upadhyay, a member of the Manvadhikar National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanghani Mustakbhai Jamalbhai, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Santolkumar Patel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Santosh S. Solanki, a member of the Bhartiya Manavadhikaar Federal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 81 Thou.

Sapariya Vijaykumar Mansukhbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sapra Vipul R., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sardarkhan Malek, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaikh Javeed Ahemad, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaikh Kalim, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaikh Saeed Inayat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shardaben Anilbhai Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 74 Lacs.

Sharma Brijeshkumar Ujagarlal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sharma Rajmal Mohanlal, a member of the Svatantra Bharat Satyagrah Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shekh Hamid Ramjan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shekh Salmabanu Mohamad Salim, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shekh Shahinbanu Molana Mustak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Thou.

Shenmare Vijaybhai Namdeo, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sherkhan Pathan, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Patel Kalidas Motibhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sindha Kiritsinh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sindhi Mahebubkhan Yusufkhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Singh Vineeta, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sitapara Sagarbhai Bhurabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sohilkhaa Hashimkhaa Pathan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Solanki Chiragbhai Somabhai, a member of the Jan Satya Path Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Solanki Maganbhai Lakhabhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Solanki Shaileshbhai Nagarbhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Sondarva Ashok, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sondarva Baluben Maheshbhai, a member of the Rashtriya Power Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sondarva Bharatbhai Kanjibhai, a member of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sukhdev Vasava, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhdiya Nathabhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sumbhania Aamin, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is illiterate, assets valued at 65 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sureshbhai Motiyabhai Chaudhari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 35 Thou.

Surwade Santosh Avdhut, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tapanbhai Dasgupta, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tejabhai Nethibhai Rabari, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Thakor Bipinkumar Shankarji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thakor Jagdishbhai, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thakor Jaguji Kuvarji, a member of the Vyavastha Parivartan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thakor Jayantiji Chunthaji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thakor Mayurkumar Rupsangji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Thakor Melaji Madarsinh, a member of the Garvi Gujarat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thakor Rajendrasinh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Thakor Swarupji Sardarji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thakur Jitendrasinh Surendrasinh, a member of the Loktantrik Rashrtavadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 49 Thou.

Tribhovandas Karsandas Vaghela, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tulasibhai Laxmanbhai Dakhara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 51 Lacs.

Umedbhai Bhimsingbhai Gamit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umedbhai Haribhai Nai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Jangubhai Rathawa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Unadkat Prakashbha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Vaghela Ashwinbhai Amrutbhai, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vaghela Dahyabhai Khengarbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vaghela Ganeshbhai Narsinhbhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vaghela Prakashbhai Bachubhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 55 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vaghela Sunil Jethalal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vakil Vinzuda Ranjitbhai, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vala Jaypalsinh Hajabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vallabhbhai Chanabhai Sojitra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Valodara Vrajlal Jivabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vankar Rameshbhai Valjibhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vansh Punjabhai Bhimabhai, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Vasava Fatesingbhai Vahriyabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vasava Navinbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vasava Rajesh Somabhai, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vasava Rajeshbhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Hund.

Vasava Uttambhai Somabhai, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vashi Narendrasinh, a member of the Yuva Jan Jagriti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vechatbhai Khant, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Vedubhai Sirasat Kautikbhai, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vekariya Rushi Bharatbhai (Patel), a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Vijaykumar Ramabhai Makadiya, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikrambhai Bahecharbhai Makwana, a member of the Garvi Gujarat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Vikramsinh Gohil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinodbhai Mesariya, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Virat Pradip Shah, a member of the Jan Satya Path Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Vora Alimahmad Rajabhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who is illiterate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Thou.

Yasinali Polra, a member of the New All India Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Zala Dalpatsinh Motisinh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Zala Mukeshbhai Bharmalbhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Zala Ramdevsinh Bharatsinh, a member of the Jan Sangharsh Virat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Angam Karung Kom, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Ashang Kasar, a member of the North East India Development Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Rajkumar Ranjan Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Gurumayum Tonsana Sharma, a member of the Manipur Democratic Peoples Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hangkhanpau Taithul, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Houlim Shokhopao Mate, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. James, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Leikhan Kaipu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 56 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lorho S. Pfoze, a member of the NPF Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Iliyash Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Moirangthem Nara Singh, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Moirangthem Totomshana Nongshaba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Oinam Jugindro Singh, a member of the Manipur Peoples Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Oinam Nabakishore Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

R.K. Anand, a member of the North East India Development Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Rajkumar Somendro Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Senjam Nandeshwore Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Janhit Sangharsh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thangminlien Kipgen, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Wahengbam Pobitra Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 52 Thou.

Agatha K. Sangma, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Mukul Sangma, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 34 Lacs.

Jemino Mawthoh, a member of the United Democratic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Rikman Garrey Momin, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Romeo Phira Rani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samuel Hashah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanbor Shullai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

T.H.S. Bonney, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Vincent H. Pala, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 54 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

A. Hemanth, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Waris, a member of the SDPI Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adala Prabhakara Reddy, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 221 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Crore.

Adari Anand Kumar, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Crore.

Adinarayana Inty, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Adiraju Yedla, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Ahmed Ali Khan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akula Satyanarayana, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 67 Crore, liabilities amounting to 46 Crore.

Alaga Ravi Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Allu Venkata Reddy, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Ameen Peeran Shaik, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 83 Thou, liabilities amounting to 9 Thou.

Anandsagar Pogru, a member of the Samaanya Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Andukuri Vijaya Bhaskar, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ankadi Sathibabu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is illiterate, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anmish Varma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anumula Vamsi Krishna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Appala Naidu Tummagonta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Appalakonda Vangalapudi, a member of the Mundadugu Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Araveti Hazarath Rao, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Asadi Venkatadri, a member of the Rashtriya Krantikari Samajwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapati, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

B Ramesh, a member of the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

B. Jaya Venu Gopal, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 95 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

B. Shiva Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

B.C. Ramanatha Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Balashowry Vallabhaneni, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 99 Crore, liabilities amounting to 74 Crore.

Balli Durgaprasad Rao, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bandaru Rajeswara Rao, a member of the Jana Jagruti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bandreddi Ramakrishna, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Beeda Masthan Rao, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 68 Crore.

Bellamkonda Saibabu, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Bellana Chandra Sekhar, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Betha Vivekananda Maharaj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharat Mathukumilli, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 232 Crore, liabilities amounting to 95 Lacs.

Bhuma Kishor Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Biddika Ramaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Billa Chennaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Bolisetty Hari Babu, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Bommi Srihari Rao, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bonaboyina Srinivasa Rao, a member of the Janasena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Buddala Geetha Devi, a member of the Praja Shanthi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bussa Nagaraju, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 29, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Butti Nagaraju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

C. Punyamurthy, a member of the BSP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

C. Surendra Nath Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chadipirala Adi Narayana Reddy, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Chadipiralla Siva Narayana Reddy, a member of the Navarang Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Challagali Kishore Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Rajagopal, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Cheemala. Rangappa, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chevuru Devakumar Reddy, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 39 Lacs.

China Nageswara Rao Sadhu, a member of the Mundadugu Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Chinnam Rama Kotayya, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 77 Lacs.

Chinni Venkateswarlu, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chinta Anuradha, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Chinta Mohan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Chintala Partha Sarathi, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 33 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Crore.

D. Mahammad Rafi, a member of the B. C. United Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

D. P. Jamal Basha, a member of the Anna YSR Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

D.A. Sathya Prabha, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 59 Crore.

Daggubati Purandeswari, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 32 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Dandu Seshu Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dasari Kiran Babu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Dasari Krishna Murthy, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Devarapogu Maddilety, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhanalakoti Ramana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dileep Kilaru, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 136 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Doctor Daggumati Sreehari Rao, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 52 Lacs.

Dola Jagan Mohana Rao, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 38 Lacs.

Donam Neelakantam, a member of the All India Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Doppalapudi Veera Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Dr Gandi Venkata Satyanarayana Rao, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 94 Lacs.

Dr Sanjeev Kumar, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 32 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Dr Sirivella Prasad, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Kasi Viswanadha Veera Venkata Satyanarayana Reddy Kosuri, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Dr. Lakshmi Kantha Reddy Chitla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Dr. S. Suresh Babu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 95 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr.Beesetti Venkata Satyavathi, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Durgampudi Rami Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who is illiterate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Durgaprasad. Guntu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Elluri Bhupal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

G S Raju, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

G Sanjeeva Kumar, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

G. Lalitha, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaddala Venu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gadde Haribabu, a member of the Navodayam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gampala Somasundaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, a Graduate, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gandhi Dhanekula, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Gandhi Dhanekula, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Ganji Purnima, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gannu Mallayya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganti Harish Madhur, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Geddam David Nelson Babu, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Gella Nagamalli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

George Bangari, a member of the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Giddama Ranganayakulu, a member of the Vishwa Jana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Goddeti Madhavi, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Godugu Satyanarayana, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gogula Pulakunta Jayanth, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Thou.

Golla Baburao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gollu Krishna, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Gona Purushottam Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 92 Lacs.

Gottumukkala Shivaji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Govinda Rao Lagudu, a member of the Jana Jagruti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gudivaka Ramanjaneyulu, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Gudivaka Venkata Naga Basava Rao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Gujjula Eswaraiah, a member of the CPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gundlakunta Sreeramulu, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Gurugubilli Rambabu, a member of the Marxist Communist Party of India (United), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurunadha Rao Jetti, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Hamsa Devineni, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Hatcholi Thomas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

I.V. Pakkir Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Jacob Vidyasagar Nakka, a member of the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagadeesh Devaragudi, a member of the CPI Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Jakku Chenna Krishna Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Janga Goutham, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayadev Galla, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 305 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Crore.

Jayaprakash Narayana Valluru, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayaram Duggani, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jeldi Raja Mohan, a member of the All India Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Jestadi Sudhakar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jesudasu Seelam, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 83 Lacs.

Josyula China Venkata Suryanarayana, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Juturu Chinna Reddy Pavan Reddy, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Jyothula Venkateswara Rao, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

K B Swaroop, a member of the Jana Jagruti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K Rajiv Reddy, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

K.A.Paul, a member of the Praja Shanthi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 78 Thou, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

K.P. Kambagiriswamy, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

K.S. Munirathnam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.T.Sreedhar, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 81 Lacs.

Kakileti Ravindra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Kanakam Srinivasarao, a member of the National Nava Kranthi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kangala Baladora, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kankanala Penchala Naidu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanna Lakshmi Narayana, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 39 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Kante Sayanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanthiraj Devanand, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Kanumuru Bapiraju, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 71, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanumuru Raghu Rama Krishna Raju, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 325 Crore, liabilities amounting to 101 Crore.

Karimulla Khan Pattan, a member of the Navataram Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karra Siva, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kasula Rajasekhar, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Kattamanchi Prabhakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kattepogu Vijay Kumar, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kavuri Venu Babu Naidu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Khader Valli Shaik, a member of the IUML Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kommireddy Prabhakar Reddy, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Konakalla Narayana Rao, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Konda Praveen Kumar, a member of the Navodayam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kothapalli Geetha, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Kotla Jaya Surya Prakash Reddy, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Kovvuri Surya Bhavani, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuruva Gorantla Madhav, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Kuruvella Bhanu Chandar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakshmi Narasaiah Jangiti, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Lakshmi Reddy Putha, a member of the Rajyadhikara Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lavu Sri Krishna Devarayalu, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Lingala Chiranjeevi, a member of the Andhra Chaitanya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lingutla Rangaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Lurthu Meri Daila, a member of the Mundadugu Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

M V V Satyanarayana, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 202 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Crore.

M. Naganna, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Thou.

M. Solomon, a member of the Andhra Rastra Praja Samithi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Shajahan Basha, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

M.Venkatesulu, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Madabathula Chandra Sekhar, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhu Yattapu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Maganti Venkateswara Rao, a member of the TDP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Magunta Sreenivasulu Reddy, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Mallipudi Sri Ramachandra Murthy, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Malyadri Sriram, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Mandra Sivananda Reddy, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 34 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Manepalli Ayyaji Vema, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mannava Hariprasad, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Maram Srinivasa Reddy, a member of the Praja Shanthi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Margani Bharat Ram, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 45 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mathe Bobby, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Matta Satish Chakravarthy, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 10 Thou.

Meda Malla Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meda Srinivasa Rao, a member of the Rashtriya Praja Congress (Secular) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Medapati Varahala Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Medisetti Vijaya Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mendem Santhosh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Metta Ramarao, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mitta Parthasarathi, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Modugula Venugopala Reddy, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Mohammad Ishaq, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Mohan Ayyappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 47 Thou.

Mojas Raja Sekhar Duggirala, a member of the Janasena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mortha Sivarama Krishna, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mugi Surya Prakash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukka Sreenivasa Rao, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukram Syed, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Muralikrishna Kanderi, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 12 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muttamasetty Lakshmana Siva Prasad Babu, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

N. Reddeppa, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

N.Kristappa, a member of the TDP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Nadakuditi Naga Gayathri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Nagababu Konidela, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Naidugari Rajasekhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nallam Surya Chandra Rao, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Nalli Rajesh, a member of the IND Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Nalluri Vijaya Srinivasa Rao, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Namballa Krishna Mohan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Nandini Nallaghatla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Naraharisetty Narasimha Rao, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 67 Lacs.

Naramalli Siva Prasad, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narasapuram Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narasimharao Parimi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narava Satyavathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kumar Poojala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 73 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Neeruguttu Nagesh, M.A., Philosophy, a member of the Janapaalana Party (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nuthakki Rama Rao, a member of the All India Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nyamatulla Shaik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

P. Ramachandran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

P.S.Ajay Kumar, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P.V. Parthasarathi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 29 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

P.V. Srihari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 59 Lacs.

P.V.Midhun Reddy, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 66 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Crore.

Padchuri Radha Krishna, a member of the Radical Democrats Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pakkala Suribabu, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Pallipattu. Abhinav Vishnu, a member of the Mundadugu Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 92 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Panabaka Lakshmi, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Panthagada Vijaya Chakravarthy, a member of the RPI(Khobragade) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paravasthu Satya Gopinath Das, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pasupuleti Venkataramana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pedada Ramanikumari, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pedakala Varalakshmi, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Peddimsetti Venkateswara Rao, a member of the Jana Jagruti Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pentapati Rajesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to 16 Thou.

Peram Siva Nageswara Rao, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Perla Samba Murthy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Crore.

Pocha Brahmananda Reddy, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 58 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Crore.

Poluru Guruvaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who is illiterate, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pothuru Rangaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Prasad Veera Potluri, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 347 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Crore.

Pula. Nagamaddilety, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pulapaka Raja Sekhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Pydikondala Manikyala Rao, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

R. Udaya Gowri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is illiterate, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Rajani Chelle, a member of the Jana Jagruti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramamohan D.G., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramarao Simhadri, a member of the Praja Shanthi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rammohannaidu Kinjarapu, a member of the TDP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ramu Naidu Yijurothu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rayapati Sambasiva Rao, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, a Graduate, assets valued at 43 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Reddyboina Prasanna Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 12 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Revu Sudhakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Riyaz Dada Miya Shaik, a member of the IUML Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Roopa Rammohan Maganti, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 43 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Crore.

Ruddireddy Radhakrishna, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ruthala Srirama Murthy, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. A. Indumathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 34 Lacs.

S.Md. Shafath, a member of the Rayalaseema Rashtra Samithi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.P.Y. Reddy, a member of the Janasena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 33 Crore, liabilities amounting to 95 Lacs.

S.R.Anjaneyulu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 43 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Ram Mohan, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 89 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samudrala Chinna Kotaiah, a member of the National Dalitha Dhal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Sannapureddy Suresh Reddy, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sanyasi Raju Pakalapati, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Sarabandi Raju Sikhinam, a member of the Indian Labour Party (Ambedkar Phule), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sathi Veera Lakshmi, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is illiterate, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaik Jaleel, a member of the Navarang Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaik Mahaboob Basha (Mabu), a member of the RPI(A) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaik Mastanvali, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaik Nayub Kamal, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 54 Lacs.

Shruti Devi Vyricherla, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sidda Raghava Rao, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 12 Crore.

Siva Chandra Reddy Komma, a member of the Anna YSR Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Siva Prasad Padala, a member of the Navarang Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Somanath Deshmukh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 93 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sri Rama Chandra Singareddy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sridhar Kotagiri, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 46 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Srinivas Duvvada, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 13 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Srinivas Kesineni, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 80 Crore, liabilities amounting to 51 Crore.

Srinivasa Rao Sangisetti, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who is illiterate, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sunil Kumar Chalamalasetty, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Surabhi Devasahayam, a member of the IUML Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Babu Nandigam, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Swamula Subrahamanyam, a member of the Jana Jagruti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

T. Beechupally, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Taadi Veera Jagadeeshwari, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 28 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Talari Rangaiah, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Thoganti Sreenivasulu, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Thumati Ravi, a member of the All Peoples Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ullagi David Jayakumar, a member of the Hardam Manavtawadi Rashtriya Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umar Basha Shaik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

V Siva Rama Krishna, a member of the Jana Jagruti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

V.V. Lakshmi Narayana, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vadde Kasinath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vadlamuri Krishna Swaroop, a member of the Dalita Bahujana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Valluru Venkateswara Rao, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Vampuru Gangulaiah, a member of the Janasena Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vanga Geetha Viswanatham, a member of the YSRCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Vangala Parameswara Reddy., a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Vasamsetty Venakta Ramana, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Venkata Sivarama Raju Vetukuri, a member of the TDP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkata Trindha Rao Veluri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkatesan Baburao, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkatesh Vepuri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venu Gopal Rachineni, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Venu Kollapu, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Vijaya Lakshmi Chalapaka, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Viruvuru Sudhakar, a member of the Vishwa Jana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Viswa Prasad Yadav Sankireddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vyricherla Kishore Chandra Suryanarayana Deo, a member of the TDP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yalla Venkata Rama Mohana Rao, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Yanamadala Venkata Suresh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yarlagadda Rama Mohana Rao, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yeduguri Sandinti Avinash Reddy, a member of the YSRCP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Yella Rao Siyyadula, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 57 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yella Venugopal Rao, a member of the Nava Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

A M Ariff, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

A Pradeep Kumar, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

A.Sampath, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Abdul Jabbar K K, a member of the SDPI Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Khader, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Majeed Faizy, a member of the SDPI Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Salam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Adoor Prakash, a member of the INC Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Adv. Basheer Alady, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. K.C. Nazeer, a member of the SDPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Sreejith P R, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Hund, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Adv.K.V.Sabu, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 64 Lacs.

Adv.Prakash Babu, a member of the BJP Party, with 22 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ajayakumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aji Pathanapuram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ajmal Ismail, a member of the SDPI Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Akhilesh, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alphons Kannanthanam, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aluva Aneesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Anitha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anto Antony, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 77 Lacs.

Anvar P.V. Raseena Manzil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anwar P.V. Alumkuzhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aparna R, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aswathi Rajappan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Attingal Ajith Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babu Mani, a member of the SDPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Babu T V, a member of the Bharath Dharma Jana Sena Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Baby K. A., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balakrishnan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 91 Thou.

Benny Behanan, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Biju Kakkathode, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Biju Krishnan, a member of the Bharath Dharma Jana Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Bimalji K, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bindu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Binu, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Binu.D, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C Chandran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 84 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

C K Padmanabhan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.O.T. Naseer, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Chittayam Gopakumar, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Christopher Shaju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dean Kuriakose, a member of the INC Party, with 204 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Devadathan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devadathan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Divakaran.C, a member of the CPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 76, a Graduate, assets valued at 90 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Dr. K Padmarajan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr.Jayan.C.Kuthanur, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 72 Thou.

Dr.Sreekumar.J, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

E T Mohammed Basheer, a member of the IUML Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Fredy Jackson Pereira, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gomathy, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Gopakumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Thou.

Govindan B Alinthazhe, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 17 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hari Arumbil, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hibi Eden, a member of the INC Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ignatious Illimoottil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Innocent, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Irinjayam Suresh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jain Wilson, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jatheesh A P, a member of the National Labour Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Jayarajan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayarajan Pandaraparambil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayarajan.P, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 90 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Jijo Joseph, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

John P P, a member of the Secular Democratic Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Johnson N, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 69 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Johny Thampy, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Joice George, a member of the IND Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Jose George, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jose Thomas, a member of the Marxist Communist Party of India (United), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K M Sivaprasad Gandhi, a member of the Indian Gandhiyan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

K N Balagopal, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

K P Sathishchnadran, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

K Sudhakaran, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 74 Lacs.

K Surendran, a member of the BJP Party, with 240 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

K. Muraleedharan, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Sreemathi W/O Sudeep Kumar C. V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

K. Sudhakaran S/O Krishnan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

K. Sudhakaran S/O Kunhiraman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.G.Mohanan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.Sudhakaran, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kirankumar.S.K, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Kodikunnil Suresh, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Krishnakumar C, a member of the BJP Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Krishnankutty, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kummanam Rajasekharan, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunhalikutty, a member of the IUML Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuriakose, a member of the Secular Democratic Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Kuttan K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Laila Rasheed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Leethesh P. T., a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

M B Rajesh, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

M R Sathyadevan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Selvaraj, a member of the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

M.K. Raghavan Nair, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

M.K.Raghavan, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Maheen Thevarupara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mini S, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mithra Kumar G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohamed P K, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Moideen Kunju P P, a member of the SDPI Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 66 Thou.

Muhammed Basheer Koyissery, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muhammed Basheer Mangalassery, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muhammed Basheer Nechiyan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mujeeb Rahman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mujeeb Rahman T A, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muraleedharan.K Kuttiyil Veedu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Muraleedharan.K Sandram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Musthafa Kommeri, a member of the SDPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

N D Venu, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 38 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

N. Raghavn, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Nagaraj G, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Thou, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Narendra Kumar K, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Narukara Gopi, a member of the IND Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Niamathulla, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Nikhil, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nusrath Jahan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Os Nissar Methar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

P C Thomas, a member of the Kerala Congress Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

P K Sreemathi, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

P Keralavarmaraja, a member of the Pravasi Nivasi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, a Graduate, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P Rajeev, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

P Rajesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P Sankaran (A.Sekhar), a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

P. Raghavan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P. Sreemathi W/O Raveendran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

P.K.Biju, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

P.P. Suneer, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

P.Ramsagar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 26 Thou.

Parthasarathy Varma, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Poonthura Siraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradeep Kumar E T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradeep.V.K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradeepan N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prakash, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Prakash Babu Chaithram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Prakash G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Prasanth, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Praveen Arimbrathodiyil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 37 Thou.

Praveen K P, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Praveen K P, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Praveen Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Premachandran N K, a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Pretheep Kumar P K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radhakrishnan, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radhakrishnan, a member of the BJP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 54 Lacs.

Radhamani Narayanakumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raghavan R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raghu K, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Raghul Gandhi K S/O Krishnan P, a member of the Agila India Makkal Kazhagam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rahul Gandhi, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 72 Lacs.

Rahul Gandhi K E S/O Valsamma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajagopalan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajaji Mathew Thomas, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Rajeev Nagan, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rajeevan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh S/O Mani, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rajmohan Unnithan, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Rameshan Bandadka, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 64 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramya Haridas, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranadivan R K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 67 Thou.

Ratheesh Kumar R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravish Thanthri Kuntar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Reji Njallani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Rema, a member of the BJP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

S Suseelan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sahadevan, a member of the Bharath Dharma Jana Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sajeevan V. K, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Saji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Saji Kollam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sameera Pa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santhosh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Santosh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Sanu Nk, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sasi T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Satheesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Satheesh Shenoy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Sebastian Wayanad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Shailaja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shajahan Abdulkhadar, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shan K S, a member of the SDPI Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Shanimol, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Shashi Tharoor, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 35 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shibu P, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shijo M Varghese, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Siby Vayalil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

Sobha Surendran, a member of the BJP Party, with 40 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sonu, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Sreedharan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Subramanian, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Thou.

Sudhakaran P. K S/O Krishna Pilla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sujatha N A, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Suni Kalluvathukkal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Sunil Soman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 14 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Gopi, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Suvith, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

T. N. Prathapan, a member of the INC Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

T. Raghavan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Thahir, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thomas Chazhikadan, a member of the Kerala Congress (M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Thomas J Nidhiry, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thrissur Nazeer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thulaseedharan, a member of the SDPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Twinkle Prabhakaran, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Unnikrishnan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Usha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Usha K, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 83 Thou.

V K Sreekandan, a member of the INC Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

V M Faisal, a member of the SDPI Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

V.P. Sanu, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Varkala Raj, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vasavan, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Veena George, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 66 Lacs.

Veena V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 51 Thou, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Vipinlal Palode, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Vishnu S Ambadi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 59 Lacs.

Vivek K Vijayan, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vivekanandhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ketan Dahyabhai Patel, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Patel Lalubhai Babubhai, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Crore, liabilities amounting to 99 Lacs.

Patel Umeshbhai Babubhai, a member of the IND Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sakil Latif Khan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A Natarajan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

A. Jayamani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A. Manikandan, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

A. Marimuthu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A. Raja, a member of the DMK Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

A.Antony Sesu Raja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

A.C. Shanmugam, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 127 Crore, liabilities amounting to 39 Crore.

A.G. Damodharan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A.G. Mourya, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

A.J.Sherine, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

A.K. Moorthy, a member of the Pattali Makkal Katchi Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 77 Lacs.

A.Manikandan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 53 Thou.

A.Naresh, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Thou.

A.Radha Krishnan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

A.Senthilvel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A.Velladurai, a member of the Ezhuchi Tamilargal Munnetra Kazhagam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 63 Thou.

A.Vijay Poul Raja, a member of the Republican Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Thou.

Aadhi Krishnan P, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Thou.

Abdul Baseeth, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 44 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdulbuhari.K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abirami P, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Advocate.Thangapandian, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Agni Sriramachandran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Agni Sriramachandran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Agri Krishnamurthy S S, a member of the AIADMK Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 98 Lacs.

Ahamed Shahjahan.M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajaz.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alagaapuram R. Mohanraj, a member of the DMDK Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Alagar M, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Alagar P, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 90, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alagarsamy, N., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alagarsamy, R., a member of the DMDK Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Alexpandian S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alla Pichai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Amalan Rajiv Bonifas, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ambikapathi D, a member of the Makkal Sananayaga Kudiyarasu Katchi, Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 87 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anandharaj. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Anandharaja. V, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Anandraj, B., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anantharaman R K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ananthi S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ananthraj, T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who is illiterate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anbalagan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Anbalagan T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Anbazhagan T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anbin Poyyamozhi S, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anbukani S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anbumani Ramadoss, a member of the Pattali Makkal Katchi Party, with 12 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 33 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Crore.

Anburose. D, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anitha V, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Annadhurai. K, a member of the Ganasangam Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Annadurai B, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Annadurai C N, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Annadurai P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Annadurai T S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Annadurai, V., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Annadurai. K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Annakili, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 85 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ansari S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anto Hillery M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Antony.M, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arasan K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arasur Manoharan (A) Manoharan, S., a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arimalam Thiagi.Subramanian Muthuraja, a member of the Agila India Makkal Kazhagam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 80, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arivazhagan.P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Arul R, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Arulmozhithevan, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arumugam .P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 99 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Arumugam S, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arumugam V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arumukam, P., a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is illiterate, assets valued at 44 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arunachalam A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arunachalam. A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arunkumar. A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 81 Thou.

Asaimani. S, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Asaithambi. P, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asan Ali. A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar, R, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ayodhi L, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Ayyappan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

B. Krishnaraja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

B.Govindan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

B.Raji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baalu.T.R., a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babu B, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babu G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Backiyaraj, K., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bagavathikesan T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Thou.

Bala Murugan, P., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Balachandar, N., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balachandran T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Balaji G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balamurugan. S, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Balasubramanian. E, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baratharaj. S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baskar B, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Crore.

Bishop Godfrey Noble, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Boomi Rajan K, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Boominathan K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Thou.

Britto Jai Singh M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

C P Radhakrishnan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 67 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

C. Ananth, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C. Jeyaprakash, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

C. Moorthy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 82 Thou, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

C.Ayyanar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 96 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.Bharath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.Chidambaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.Dhanraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.Kalanithi, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

C.Rosi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.Saravanan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandirakumar, V.S., a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Chandramohan M, a member of the Vivasayigal Makkal Munnetra Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandranathan S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 69 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandrasekar P, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 58 Lacs.

Chandrasekaran V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Chelladurai, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chellaperumal., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chinraj A.K.P, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 48 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Chitra P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Chitra R, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Cho V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 59 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Christantine Rajasekar, S., a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

D. Doss, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D. Sankar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D. Senthamarai Kannan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

D.Anandaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

D.Hariharan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

D.Karthick, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D.M. Kathir Anand, a member of the DMK Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

D.Ravi Pariyanar, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dasaprakash K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

David Annadurai K, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dayanidhi Maran, a member of the DMK Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepalakshmi, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Deepan. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Desingu A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deva Sitham. I, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Devados. P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 22 Thou, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Devappa.Y, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devarajan C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhanush M Kumar, a member of the DMK Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Dhanuskodi P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dharmalingam S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmar P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhavamani A, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 27 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinakaran G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dineshkumar, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dnv Senthilkumar.S, a member of the DMK Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 60 Lacs.

Dr Govindasamy R, a member of the Pattali Makkal Katchi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Dr. Bhuvaneswaran, M., a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Dr. Elango.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Kalanidhi Veeraswamy, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 40 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Crore.

Dr. Tamilisai Soundararajan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dr.A.Chellakumar, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Dr.Dhanushkodi, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dr.Elangovan. V, a member of the DMDK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr.K.Jayakumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr.K.Krishnasamy, a member of the AIADMK Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dr.P.Venugopal, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Dr.T.M.S. Sadhu Muthu Kirshan Erjendran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Durai Benjamin, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Durai.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

E. Karunanithi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

E.Dhanasekaran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

E.Subaya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 237 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Easudoss. S, a member of the Indian Christian Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ebeneezer S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Elango, S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Elangovan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Elangovan, E.V.K.S., a member of the INC Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 74 Lacs.

Elavarasan A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 58 Lacs.

Elumalai K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Elumalai S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Elumalai V, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Er.Pradeep Ganesan, M.P., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 58 Lacs.

Esakkimuthu. N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Essakkiammal E, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Eswaran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Eswaran, R, a member of the IND Party, with 14 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

G Kanagasabapathy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

G. Kesav Yadav, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

G. Moorthy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

G. Srinivasan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

G.Arulraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

G.Devashagayam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 95 Lacs.

G.Dhanasekaran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

G.George, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 44 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

G.S. Ganesan Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gabriel James Fernando, a member of the Peoples Party of India(secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ganapathy N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Ganesamoorthy M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesan, M., a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesan. P, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh H, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh. R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 85 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesha Moorthy A, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganeshamurthi A, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Ganeshamurthy A C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganeshkumar, S., a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautham Sigamani Pon, a member of the DMK Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Germanus, S., a member of the Christian Democratic Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gnanasekar A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 51 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Crore.

Gnanathiraviam S, a member of the DMK Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Godwin Shadrach S R, a member of the Tamizhaga Murpokku Makkal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Gopal M, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Gopalakrishnan M, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Gopalakrishnan S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Gopalakrishnan. V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Govindan, A., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Govindasamy A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Govindraj L, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 53 Lacs.

Gunasekar N, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gunasingh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Guru, K., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurusamy P, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Guruviah K, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 97 Thou.

H.Raja, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 59 Lacs.

Habeeb Mohamed. U, a member of the All Pensioners Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hariharan Dr R, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Hariharan.K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

I.Chidambara Anantha Raja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 72 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Indian.P.N.K., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Indiramohan P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Indurani S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Irudayasamy, G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

J. Dharanidharan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

J. Sebastin, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

J.Ebenezer, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

J.Jayavardhan, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 96 Lacs.

J.S.K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

J.Sibi Chakkaravarthy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Jackson M S, a member of the Democratic Corruption Liberation Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Jagadeesh J, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagatheesan M, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 73 Thou, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

James, G., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Janci.J, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jasper Gnana Martin, G., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Javeed Hussain T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Jawahir Ali. H, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jaya Ganesh, D., a member of the Naam Indiar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Jayalakshmi, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Thou.

Jayaram Metha. S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jeyamani K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jeyapandian. R, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Jeyaraj, A., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Kumar Jain, a member of the RPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Joseph M A, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Jothikumar J, a member of the Desiya Uzhavar Uzhaipalar Kazhagam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jothimani S, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Jothimurugan. P, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 80 Lacs.

K Ramasamy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K Shanmugasundaram, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

K. Hemanth Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

K. Kathiravan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Kurunthappan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Navaskani, a member of the IUML Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

K. Panchatcharam, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 65 Lacs.

K. Prabhakaran, a member of the Makkalatchi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 52 Thou.

K. Raman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

K. Sugumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Thangavel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

K.Chandrasekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.Chellakkannu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.Jayaraman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

K.Kamalanathan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.Kannan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.Kuppan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

K.Murali Krishnan, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.P.Munusamy, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.Saravana Perumal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.Sudhakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 81 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalaimani S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalaimannan.C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalaiyarasan R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 62 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kaliappan P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kaliappan P, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Kaliappan S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kaliyammal P, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Kaliyamurthy G, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Thou.

Kaliyappan K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalyanasundaram N, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalyanasundaram, A., a member of the IND Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Kamala Kannan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Kamaraj. K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kameela Nasser, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 94 Lacs.

Kameshwaran, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanagaraj R T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kanagaraj, P., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kanimozhi Karunanidhi, a member of the DMK Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Kannan S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Kannan. R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kannapiran. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kappur Dhakshinamoorthy. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Karnan C S, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karthi P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karthik. K.M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Karthikeyan B K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karthikeyan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karthikeyan P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karthikeyan R, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Karti P Chidambaram, a member of the INC Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 79 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Crore.

Karuppaiah.C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Karuppaiya R, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 89 Lacs.

Karuppaiya, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karuppasamy. N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Kathiresan, L., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kathirvel A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kathirvel M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kavingnar Snekan, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Kavitha, A., a member of the Ahila India Dhayaga Makkal Munnetra Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kesavaraja J, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Komugi Maniyan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Krishnakumar.N, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 37 Thou.

Krishnakumari A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 26 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishnamoorthy A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishnaraj M, a member of the Anaithu Makkal Puratchi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krithivasan. S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 82, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

Kumar K R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumar, D., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 80 Lacs.

Kumaragurubaran, P., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuppal.G.Devadoss, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 68 Lacs.

Kuppusamy, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuppusamy K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuppusamy P, a member of the Ulzaipali Makkal Katchy Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuppusamy R, a member of the Ganasangam Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

L. Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is illiterate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

L.Kasinathan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

L.Praveen Kumar, a member of the Peoples Party of India(secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Lekshmanan. E, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Logarangan .M, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lourdes, S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M Dhanapal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 93 Thou.

M Parthasarathi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

M Pavadai Raja, a member of the Agila India Makkal Kazhagam Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

M. Balaraman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 81, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Kathiravan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Parthiban, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Ponnuthai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Raghunathan, a member of the Ilantamilar Munnani Kazhagam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Sathiyaseelan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Savitha, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 51 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Thiyagarajan, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.A.Jeyakumar, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Chinnaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Kumarasan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.L. Ravi, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

M.Meena, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Mohammed Rabeek, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Moorthy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Prabhakaran, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 91 Thou, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

M.R. Venkatesan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Raja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Rajasekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.Rajeswari Priya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 74 Lacs.

M.Ramanujam Alias M.Radha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.S. Krishnan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.S.M.Anandan, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

M.Vetriselvi, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madeswaran.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Madhanagopal T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhusoodhanan.N, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Magudeeswaran K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahamuni A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maharajan A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maharajan V, a member of the IND Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maharajan, M., a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Mahendran C, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 31 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Mahendran.H, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Malathi P, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 55 Thou.

Mani A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manickam S, a member of the Ulzaipali Makkal Katchy Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Manickam Tagore, B., a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Manickavel C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manikandan C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manikandan G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Manikandan P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Manikandan, R., a member of the Ezhuchi Tamilargal Munnetra Kazhagam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manimaran G, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Manimaran.C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manimurugan C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Manivasagam.C, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Thou.

Mannan M P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoharan M, a member of the Anaithu Makkal Puratchi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoharan P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maragadam M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maragatham K, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 65 Lacs.

Marakatha Raghava Raj, T., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mathivanan.S.S, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mayalagan N, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mayilamparai Mari A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is illiterate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Michael Rayappan S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 60 Lacs.

Mohan N, a member of the IND Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan.P, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mohanam, a member of the Marumalarchi Janata Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Mohanraj A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mookambika R, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Moorthy. D, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Moovandhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muneeswaran. K, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Munusamy A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murthy Kamarajar.M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murugan, P., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murugesan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murugesan S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murugesan, S .P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murugesan.P, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 64 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Crore.

Muthu K R P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muthu Murugan. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 36 Thou.

Muthukumar C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muthukumar G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 55 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muthukumar S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 83 Lacs.

Muthukumar T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 55 Thou.

Muthulakshmi R, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Muthumaran K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 87 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muthusamy M.P., a member of the Ganasangam Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Muthuvel.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

N R Appathurai, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

N. Kathiravan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

N. Satheesh Kannan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

N.Karthick, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

N.Subramani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 82 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

N.Vikraman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nachi. S, a member of the Desiya Uzhavar Uzhaipalar Kazhagam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naga Jothi K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Nagajothi M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagaraj , M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagarajan S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagarajan, A., a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nagesh.L, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagoor Meeran Peer Mohamed. U, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to 82 Thou.

Nainar Nagenthran, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Najimunnissa, a member of the Anaithu Makkal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nasar K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Natarajan A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Natarajan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Natarajan.C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Natarajan.N.R, a member of the Tamil Maanila Congress (Moopanar) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Noyyal Ramasamy M, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

P Govindan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P Jaganathan, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

P Manikandan, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P R Natarajan, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

P Radhakrishnan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

P. Chellapandian, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P. Loganathan, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

P. Marimuthu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P. Prakash, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

P. Raashid Ahmed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

P. Radhakrishnan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

P. Raveendranath Kumar, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

P. Santhana Krishnan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

P.Allikkodi, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

P.Azhagiri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P.Jaganathan, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P.Karthikeyan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P.Rajendhiran, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P.Selvaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Paarivendhar T R, a member of the DMK Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Pachamuthu, P., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Packiaraj, E., a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 39 Thou.

Padavettan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Padmarajan.K.Dr, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Palani Samy.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Palaniappan.P, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 53 Lacs.

Palanichamy Kudumbar, P., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Palanimanickam.S.S, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Palanivel P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Palanivel.K, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Palpandi M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Panasaiarangan.K.N, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Panchu Udayakumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pandi, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pandiammal J, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paramasiva Iyyappan, S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 78 Lacs.

Paramasivam N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parthiban.S.R, a member of the DMK Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Parthipan G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parvathi S, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pasumpon Pandian S, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Paul Manoj Pandian, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Paul Solomon Pandian, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paulraj. C.M., a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Peachi Muthu. E, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Periyasamy T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 56 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Perumal M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Perumalsamy, M., a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Perumalsamy. S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pitchaimuthu T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pon Kumaran, T.P.S., a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pon.Raja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ponnusamy, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ponnusamy.R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ponnuthai G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 24, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ponnuthai M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ponnuthai. S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ponraj, S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Prabakaran N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabakaran T, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhakaran K M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhakaran. S, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Prabhu A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhu K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 58 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhu Manikandan.M, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Prakalatha D, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Prakash N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pravina.G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Prem S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pushpahenry Raj S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pushparaj J L, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pushparaj. K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 53 Lacs.

R Mahendran, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 133 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Crore.

R. Arul Murugan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

R. Elamvazhudhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

R. Naresh Kumar, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

R. Ramesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

R.Anbuchezhian, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

R.Ganesan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

R.Johnson, a member of the Indian Christian Front Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

R.Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

R.Natarajan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

R.Rangarajan, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Radhakrishnan S, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Raghavan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 99 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raghunathan K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Ramchand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Raj Satyen V.V.R, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 87 Lacs.

Raja Marimuthu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 84 Lacs.

Raja N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raja S, a member of the Anaithu India Makkal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raja, K., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raja.A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajakumar Naidu, E.V.S., a member of the Tamil Telugu National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajalingam M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 56 Thou.

Rajalingam, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajamohan S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Rajanikanth Agamudaiyar, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Rajarathinam, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Rajarishigurudev S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajasekar. A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Rajasekar.D, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 53 Lacs.

Rajasekaran M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rajasekaran S, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajasekaran V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajasekaran, M., a member of the IND Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Rajasekaran, T., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendhiran R G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendiran T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendran N., a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajenthiran, N., a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Rajesh Kannan K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajiv Victor, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Rajkumar P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 92 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar Poliah, a member of the Universal Brotherhood Movement Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar, S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rama Krishnan, M., a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramachandran K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramachandran K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Ramachandran M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramachandran.K.T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramadoss R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramakrishnan N, a member of the Naam Indiar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramakrishnan, P., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramalingam S, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ramamoorthi B, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Ramamoorthy R, a member of the Ulzaipali Makkal Katchy Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramamurthi S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramamurthy C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 57 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramamurthy S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raman V, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramaraj G, a member of the Ulzaipali Makkal Katchy Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 41 Thou.

Ramasamy N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is illiterate, assets valued at 69 Thou, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Ramasamy P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Ramasamy T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramaswamy S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramaswamy, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh K.K, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh T, a member of the Ahimsa Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh T.R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ramesh, A., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rameshbabu R, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Rasa.A, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rathinasigamani M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi Kumar. T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is illiterate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi S P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi Sankar, J., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi T, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ravi. K, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Ravi.A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 49 Thou, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ravichandran K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravichandran M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ravikumar D, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Refayudeen. M, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Rukumani Devi.R, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S Kalyanasundaram, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Dhanasekaran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Ganesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Jagathrakshakan, a member of the DMK Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 114 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Crore.

S. Mohamed Ali Jinnah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Prithviraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Robert Gnana Sekar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Selvaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Shanmugam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Shettu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Tamil Selvan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Ashok, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Elankumaran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Ganesa Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

S.Manova, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Sargunam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Srinivasan, a member of the RPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sababathi, S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sabari Ponraj, B., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sadaiyan.M, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saikumar.S, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sakkaravarthy, P., a member of the All India Puratchi Thalaivar Makkal Munnettra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Sakthi Priya V, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 42 Thou.

Sakthivel K, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sakthivel S, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sakthivel S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sakthivel.V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 62 Thou.

Sakthiyvel N.K.S, a member of the IND Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sam Paul S R, a member of the Pattali Makkal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 29 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Crore.

Samantha.K.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sambathkumar A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samidurai E, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saminathan P.P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Sampath R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sampath Ramadoss, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Sampaul, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samuel Paul P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sankaralingam, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sankaranarayanan, N., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 96 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santhakumar N, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanuja U, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saraswathi K, a member of the Indian New Congress Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saravanakumar A, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Saravanan M, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Saravanan, G., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saravanan.K, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Saravanan.K.R.S, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saravanan.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Saravanavel R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Sarubala. R. Thondaiman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 92 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Sasikumar, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sasikumar A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sathees Kumar R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sathish Kumar G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Sathishkumar S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sathya B, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Seethalakshmi M K, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sekar.D, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selladurai S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selva Prakash R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selvaganesan R, a member of the United States of India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selvakumar, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selvakumar. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Thou.

Selvam, S.R., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Selvam.G, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selvam.S.K, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Selvaraj K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selvaraj K.R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selvaraj M, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Selvaraj.R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Selvin, B., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Senai Natarajan, R., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sengodi T, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Senjeraja K.N.K, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Senthamilselvi.R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Senthamizhan G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Senthamizhan. S, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Senthil Kumar.C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 47 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Senthilkumar J, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Senthilkumar K C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 79 Lacs.

Senthilkumar, S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Senthilmurugan S, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Senthilvel, A., a member of the Ulzaipali Makkal Katchy Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shadhik Batcha. A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Shagul Hameed, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaji V, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Shanmugam. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shanmugaprabu, K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shanmugasundaram K N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shanmugasundaram V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shanmugham V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shanthi K, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sheik Mohamed K, a member of the SDPI Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shobana S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Silambarasan P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Silambarasan.C, a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Singadurai.R, a member of the IND Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Singarajan S P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Siva Jayaprakash.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Siva Kumar P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 81 Thou.

Siva, V., a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sivagururaj T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sivakumar P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 49 Thou.

Sivakumar V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sivamuniyandi A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sivanandham.C, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sivaneswaran, J., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Sivapathy N R, a member of the AIADMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Sivaprakash K, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sivarajee S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sivaraman.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sivaranjani.D, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sivasankar S, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Soundararajan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sridhar M, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Srikarunya Subrahmanyam, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Srinivasan. V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Stalin.R, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subbarayan.K, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Subbiah. S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhashini Mallathi, R.C., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Subhashini. K, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 57 Thou.

Subi. T, a member of the The Future India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Subramani, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Subramanian K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subramanian. P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudhish L K, a member of the DMDK Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Crore.

Sugan Rajeev, M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Sugumaran. K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 38 Thou, liabilities amounting to 8 Thou.

Sumathi B, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who is illiterate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumathy Alias Thamizhachi Thangapandian, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sundar K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Sundaram N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sundrarajan.P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunman, V., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Babu D, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 80 Lacs.

Suresh, K., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 41 Thou.

Suresh. K, a member of the Ulzaipali Makkal Katchy Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suriya Ragupathy. T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surulivel.N.K, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Suthakaran, S. Dr., a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

T. Bhuvaneswari, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

T. R. V .S. Ramesh, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 42 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

T.Chinnasathiyamoorthy, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

T.V.S.Gandhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is illiterate, assets valued at 66 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tambaram Narayanan G, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Tamilarasan V V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 96 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tamilarasan.T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tamilarasi A, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thamarai Selvam. K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Thambidurai M, a member of the AIADMK Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Thangaraj. C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Thangavel P S N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 47 Lacs.

Thangavelu R, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Thiagarajan, P.I.D., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thirugnanasambandam. D, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Thirumaavalavan Thol, a member of the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 92 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Thirunavukarasu. S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thirunavukkarasar. Su, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Thirunavukkarasu R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 82, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

U Radhakrishnan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Udhayakumar P.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Udhayakumar. A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ulaganathan T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umayorubagam, M., a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uthamaselvan, N., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V Krishnan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

V Pushpanantham, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V R Geethalakshmi, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V Radhakrishnan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

V. Annamalai, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

V. Jainteen, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 90 Lacs.

V. Saravanan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V. Sekar, a member of the All Pensioners Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V. Selvaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

V. Vinayagamoorthy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V.D.N. Anandh. B.E, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

V.Gunasekaran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V.Thirunavukkarasu, a member of the Makkalatchi Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Vadivel Ravanan S, a member of the Pattali Makkal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vairavan. P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is illiterate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vaithilingam A, a member of the Pattali Makkal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Vaithiyalingam R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vaithiyanathan R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vaiyathurai A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Valarmathi K, a member of the Akila India Vallalar Peravai Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vallinayagam, N., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vanidhas. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Varadan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Vasanthakumar H, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 417 Crore, liabilities amounting to 154 Crore.

Vasanthi S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Vedarethinam G, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Velmurugan S P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Velu R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Velusamy P, a member of the DMK Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is illiterate, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Velusamy, P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vembarasan. V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Venkatachalam.C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 79 Thou.

Venkatesan M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Venkatesan S, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkateswaran S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vennimalai M, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vigneshwaran A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vigneshwaran P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijaya .R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijaya Baskar, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijayakarthikeyan B, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vijayakumar. P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 54 Thou.

Vijayakumar.T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Vijayan A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vilvanathan. M, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Vincent Melbone, J., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinoth. V, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Vinothkumar N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinothkumar V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinothkumar, S., a member of the Tamil Nadu Ilangyar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 55 Thou, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Vinothraj R, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Viruthagiri A, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vishnuprasad. M.K, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Y.R. Pavendhan, a member of the Naam Tamilar Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aakash Birla, a member of the Madhya Pradesh Jan Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Tahir Ansari, a member of the Swarnim Bharat Inquilab Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Abhishek Bilhore, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Acche Lal Kushawaha, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Advocate Bapu Singh Gujar, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Advocate Rakesh Kumar Shukla, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Advocate Satyaprakash Shulke (Lodhi), a member of the Madhya Pradesh Jan Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Advocate-Devsingh Kumre, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ahirwar Shripat Shikshak, a member of the Poorvanchal Rashtriya Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Arjun Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Ajay Singh Kushwah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajeet Dhurwey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajmera S Praveen Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhilesh Saket, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ali . M. R. Khan, a member of the CPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alok Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Ambaram Parmar Chandravanshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Khare, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Kumar Balke, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Thou.

Amjad Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Anant Lal Basor, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Firojiya, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Anil Malviya Patrakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Anup Kumar Singh, a member of the Samagra Utthan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Arun Kumar, a member of the Shri Janta Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 55 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kumar Satnami, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Subhash Chandra Yadav, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 38 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Crore.

Arya Ravi Parihar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ashish Kumar Singh Chauhan, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 65 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Bhalavi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Khan, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ashok Rajoriya, a member of the Vishva SHakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Ashok Singh Lodhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ashok Vishwakarma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashwani Kumar Dubey, a member of the Sarvodaya Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baba Abdul Hameed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baboo Rajendra Dhoke, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babu Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babu Ram Jamor, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Babulal Kol, a member of the Adhikar Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babulal Malviya, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Badrilal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Badriprasad, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Apna Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bajuddeen Baj, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 80, who is illiterate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bal Ram Singh Tomar, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Banesingh Parmar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 94 Thou.

Bhagcharan Warkade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bhagwansingh Pyarsingh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Thou.

Bhan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhante Sangh Ratan, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharat Singh Poosam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bhaurao Vithoba Fulzele, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bhavana Kishore Sangeliya, a member of the Janata Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhavanishankar, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhoopat Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhoopendra Singh Chauhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bhushan Prasad Shukla, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Bisram Uikey, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bodhsingh Bhagat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brahm Datta Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Braj Mohan, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brikhbhan Dohare, a member of the All Indians Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ca Pramod Bhojwani, a member of the Sanatan Sanskriti Raksha Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Chandr Kumar Shrivastava (Chandu), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Chandra Prakash Bhatnagar, a member of the AARAKSHAN VIRODHI PARTY, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Singh Kushram, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chhatar Singh Darbar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Chhotu Kol, a member of the Jan Samman party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Comrade Jyoti Sukhlal Gore, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dada Ramgulam Uikey, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Darasingh Patel Khatvashe, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Gondwana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dashrath Bhuwan (Dotriya), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Dayaram Korku (Thakur Dada), a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepchand Ahirwal, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Desh Pal, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Deshmukh Riyazuddin Ghayasuddin, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devashish, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devendra Jain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Devendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devendra Kumar Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Devendra Prakash Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devendra Singh Chouhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Devi Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhakad Lokendra Singh Rajpoot, a member of the BSP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Dhaniram Yaduwanshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhanuk, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhara Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharm Singh Bhargav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmendra Singh Baghel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dheeraj Dubey Patrakar, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dheeraj Singh Mavai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Digvijaya Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 38 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dileep, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dileep Kumar Dohare (Advocat), a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinesh Katare, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dinesh Singh Uikey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Divyendra Dubey Advocate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Suresh Tripathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Dr. Dhai Akshar (Rakesh Sonkar), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dr. Dhal Singh Bisen, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Dr. Govind Subhan Mujalda, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Randhir Singh Ruhal, a member of the Rashtra Nirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Dr. Sagar Solanki, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 87 Thou.

Dr. Sandeep Vasantrao Kadwe, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Veena Ghanekar Rtd. Ias, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Durga Das (D.D.) Uikey, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Durga Mosi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Er. Rupram Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Faggan Singh Kulaste, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Fatte Bahadur Singh Markam, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Fulchand Patidar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gajendra Umrao Singh Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Ganesh Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam Nagdavane, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Geeta Rani, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Geetawali Er. P.S. Ahirwar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Girijesh Singh Senger, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Giriraj Kishor, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Crore, liabilities amounting to 86 Lacs.

Girwal Dinesh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Glg Tandekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gokul Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is illiterate, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Govind Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gulab Singh @ Vivek, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gulsingh Ramsingh Kawache, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Guman Singh Damor, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 48 Lacs.

Gyaneshwar Gajbhiye, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gyani Jaiswal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Haji Mustak Ansari, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hanumant Singh, a member of the Aajad Bharat Party (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harbhajan Singh Rajpoot, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harkisor Kori, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hemendra Gohar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 46 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Himadri Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Iftikhar Ahmed Khan, a member of the Minorities Democratic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Imamuddin Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ismail Mev, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

J.C. Barai, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdeesh Singh Parmar, a member of the Samata Samadhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdesh Kumar Patel, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Apna Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Janardan Prasad Mishra, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Jani Karan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jesingh Tekam, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Jhamaklal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Banshkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Jain, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Jitendra Khare, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jogilal Irpachi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jyotiraditya M. Scindia, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 374 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Kailash Vasuniya, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 96 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamal Kumar Khatik, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamal Singh Maravi, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamla Prasad Baiga, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to 42 Thou.

Kamlesh Asati, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 93 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Kamlesh Dangi Thakur, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kamlesh Namdev, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 90 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamlesh Vaishnav, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Kamleshwar Bhil, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 62 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamta Prasad, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanchedilal Kushwaha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Kankar, a member of the BSP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Kantilal Bhuria, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Karan Singh Naagpure, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Thou.

Kartar Singh Bhadana, a member of the BSP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 44 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Katara Rukhaman Singh, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Keshav Rai Chaudhari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Keshkali, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Kiran Singh Ahirwar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Kishor Samrite, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kishor Yadav, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 66 Thou.

Kishori Lal Shakya, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishna Pal Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kuldeep Ahirwar, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakshminarayan Jagnnath Singh Lodhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakshyapat Singh, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lata Suryawanshi, a member of the Samta Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laxmi Baghel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. P. Vishwakarma, a member of the Rashtriya Aamjan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

M.P. Choudhary, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Madan Chhilwar, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madan Lal Bhadoriya, a member of the Prajatantrik Samadhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madan Mohan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madho Singh Ahirwar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhu Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhu Singh Patel(Chouhan), a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahant Pratap Giri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maharani Kavita Singh Natiraja, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Mahendra Katiyar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mahendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Sing, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mahendra Singh Patel "Barual", a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Singh Solanky, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Mahendra Tikliya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Marmat, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Sahu "Pappu", a member of the Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahu Singh, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Makbool Shah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 90 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mamta Balveer Singh Kushwah, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Man Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Manish Devid, a member of the Bhartiya Amrit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish Mishra, a member of the Rashtriya Aadarsh Member Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish Shrivastav, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manita Markam, a member of the Smart Indians Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manmohan Shah Batti, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Gondwana Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Manna Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manohar Lal Patwa (Lalu Kori), a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoraj Dwivedi, a member of the Janata Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manu Singh Maravi, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manvendra Singh, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Iqbal Khan, a member of the Smart Indians Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meena Raikwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Meenakshi Chouhan, a member of the National Womens Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Meenakshi Natarajan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meera Singh, a member of the Chhattisgarh Vikas Ganga Rashtriya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meershyam Lilhare Lodhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mehabub Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mo. Jibrail, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mo. Talat Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Moh. Ateek, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Moh. Khurram Qureshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Mohadal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Imran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohsin, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mona Sustani, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 53 Lacs.

Mukesh Bansod, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Kumar Dangi, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Mukesh Kumar Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 98 Lacs.

Munna, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Munni Kranti, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nakul Nath, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 660 Crore, liabilities amounting to 87 Lacs.

Nand Kishore, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nandkishor Sahu, a member of the Parivartan Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nandkumar Singh Chouhan (Nandu Bhaiya), a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 48 Lacs.

Nandlal Meena, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nandram Prajapati, a member of the Adarsh Nyay Rakshak Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narayan Banjare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narayan Chandel, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narayan Das Jatav, a member of the Madhya Pradesh Jan Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 4, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narayan Namdev, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narayan Singh Uike, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Singh, a member of the Republican Party of India (Reformist), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Singh Tomar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 66 Lacs.

Nasir Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nathanshah Kawret, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 90 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Naveen Jatav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Nilesh Damor, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 89 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nimish Sariyam, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nirmala Prajapati, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Gondwana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 84 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 55 Thou.

Nitin Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Omprakash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Omprakash Shakya, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pandit Devendra Sharma, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Sanghvi, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Parmanand Tolani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parvat Singh, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 56 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parwat Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patiram Shakya, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Pawan Kumar Goyal, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pitam Borkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 72 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Piyush Jain, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabha Bharti, a member of the Jai Lok Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhu Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhu Singh Thakur, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Prabhulal Meghwal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prahalad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prahalad Singh Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Prahlad Bhaiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prahlad Singh S. Rajput, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prahlad Singh Tipanya, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Prakash Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramila Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 39 Lacs.

Pramod Prajapati, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pransingh, a member of the Rashtriya Shoshit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pratap Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Praveen Singh Thakur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pravin Shantaram Gangurde, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Priyanka Khare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pushpa Dr. Shailendra Pendam, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Gondwana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Pushpa Marskole, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

R. S. Paraste (Ramsingh), a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

R.B. Prajapati Advocate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

R.D. Prajapati, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 81 Lacs.

Raj Kumar Shakya (Kori), a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajan Masih, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajaram Tripathi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Rajbahadur Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rajendra Agrawal (Raju), a member of the Socialist Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rajendra Tripathi, a member of the Bharatiya Jan Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Keer, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar Jatav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar Uikey, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Rajesh Singh Bhadoria, a member of the Akhand Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 78 Thou.

Rajesh Tantrik, a member of the Ahinsa Samaj Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rajkaran Yadav (Teemai), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar Saryam, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar Yadav, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rajveer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Rakesh Singh S/O Baljor Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 31 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Singh S/O Nathuram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Das, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ram Gopal Singh, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Kalesh Saket, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Kripal Basor, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Lal Panika, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Nivas Sen, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Rahees Kol, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 97 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Vishwash Pal, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramadhar, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramakant Bhargava, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Ramawatar Vishwakarma, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 63, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ramchandra Parmar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramcharan Maliwad, a member of the Janata Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramdas Uikey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ramdayal Prajapat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ramesh Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Rameshwar Dhurve, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramkrishna Surywanshi, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramkumar Jaysval, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 82, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 47 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramkushal Kewat, a member of the Bhartiya Manav Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramlakhan Meena, a member of the Rashtriya Krantikari Samajwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Ramnaresh Jatav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramnaresh Tiwari, a member of the Samagra Utthan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramniwas Rawat, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ramraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramraj Ram, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramsahay, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramsushil Sharma, a member of the Samagra Utthan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Ramu Tekam, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rangla-Kalesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranglal Dhanger, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ranjeet Gohar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rao Uday Pratap Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 91 Lacs.

Reena Damle, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Reeta Tripathi, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rekha Bai, a member of the Aajad Bharat Party (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Richa Purshottam Choubey (Hariom), a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Riti Pathak, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rodmal Nagar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 39 Lacs.

Roop Singh, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rukum Shah, a member of the All India Ulama Congress Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ruplal Kutrahe (Samaj Sevak ) Lodhi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saeed Ahmed Shabrarti Ahmed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saligram Makodiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sanat Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandeep Kumar Tiwari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandhya Ray, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sanjay Kumar Namdeo, a member of the CPI Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjeev Kumar Pandram, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sanjey Gupta, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sanju Sharma, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sant Kumar Sharma, a member of the Samagra Utthan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Santosh Rao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Parmar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Sevanti Dinesh Bhabar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Shahnaz B Ansari, a member of the Smart Indians Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailendra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailendra Diwan Chandarbhan Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Shailendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailendra Rameshchandra Patel, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Shailendra Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Shakuntala, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Lalwani, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Shantilal S/O Aasharam Sahite, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sharada Parsad Patel, a member of the Pichhara Samaj Party United, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Shashank Singh Baghel, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shatish Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Lokmat Rashtrwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivkumar Mishra, a member of the Samagra Utthan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivlal Gurjar, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shobha Valmiki, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Thou.

Shree Lal Markam(Bade Shri), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shri Surendra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shrimati Hemlata Pathak, a member of the Sarvadharam Party (Madhya Pradesh), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Shrimati Manisha Vaid, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 54 Lacs.

Shriram Nagar, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Shyam Lal, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Siddharth Tiwari, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Siyasharan Kevat, a member of the Rashtriya Apna Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sonu Agrwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sovran Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Thou.

Sri Imran Baksh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Shukla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhranshu Dwivedi, a member of the Kisan Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sudheer Gupta, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sudhir Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sugreev Singh, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhdev Dahiya, a member of the Bhartiya Jan Sampark Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumit Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Gopal, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 71 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar Dodeja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar Kawde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunit Kumar Pandey, a member of the AARAKSHAN VIRODHI PARTY, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suraj Bhabhar, a member of the All India Hindustan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surajsingh Kaliya, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 86, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Surendra Prasad Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 63 Thou.

Suresh Kumar Kori, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surjeet Chadar, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Susheel Kumar Prasad, a member of the Bhartiya Amrit Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Sushil Kumar Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tejpal Singh Rawat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thakur Das, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Tilakraj Ahirwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tofeek Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Garg, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 77 Thou.

Veer Singh Patel, a member of the SP Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Vijay Rann, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Singh Patwa, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Vikas Kewalrao Nagvanshi, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Vikash Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Vimal Singh Korche, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinay Kumar Jain "Vinnu Bhaiya", a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinay Kumar Sen, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vinod Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Jansanchar Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vipin Singh Tiwari, a member of the Smart Indians Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Virendra Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Vishnu Datt Sharma, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Vishnukant Sharma, a member of the Rashtriya Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Vivek, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vivek, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Vivek Krishna Tankha, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 66 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Vivek Narayan Shejwalkar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yuvraj Singh Bais, a member of the Proutist Bloc, India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Thou.

A.G.Pathimaraj, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Baskaran.S, a member of the Puducherry Development Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Dr. Narayanasamy Kesavan, a member of the All India N.R. Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dr.M.A.S. Subramanian, a member of the Makkal Needhi Maiam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 39 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Ims. Balaji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Ramadoss, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.Arunachalam, a member of the Agila India Makkal Kazhagam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 63 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishnamurthy.M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Muthu.U, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

N. Tamizh Marane, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Ramesh.D, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Mothilal, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

S. Thirugnanam, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thangavelu.S, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tiravitamankai Alias Lourdhumary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

V. Ramamurthi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

V. Vaithilingam, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Aalone Baxla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Rajak Ansari, a member of the Sadan Vikas Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abinashi Mundu, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ahmad Ansari, a member of the Bhartiya Lokmat Rashtrwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Krishna, a member of the Rashtriya Jansangharsh Swaraj Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Topno, a member of the Jharkhand Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajit Kumar Bhagat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alok Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Jansangharsh Swaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amar Kumar Mahto, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ambar Saurav Kunal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amindra Paswan, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Amit Jani, a member of the Uttar Pradesh Navnirman Sena Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Anand Paul Tirkey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Angad Mahato, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Soren, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Thou.

Anjana Bhuiyan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Anjana Mahata, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anjani Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Annapurna Devi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Anup Kumar Sinha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arjun Kumar, a member of the CPI Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Arjun Munda, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Arjun Pujhar, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Thou.

Arun Kumar Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asha Makede, a member of the Pichhara Samaj Party United, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashraf Hussain, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ashutosh Kumar, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asit Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asjadullah Imran, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avadhesh Kumar Singh, a member of the Vishva SHakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ayub Kha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Baban Bhuiya, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babu Lal Marandi, a member of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bagendra Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baghrai Soren, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baidhnath Pahadiya, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bajrangi Mahtha, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balkesh Prasad Paswan, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Bamapada Bauri, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Barnad Hembrom, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bayas Kumar, a member of the Moolniwasi Samaj Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Bhagalpuri Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Bhawesh Kumar Mishra, a member of the Bharatiya Jan Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhubaneshwar Prasad Mehta, a member of the CPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 73, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bidyadhar Prasad, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bidyut Baran Mahato, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Birendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Champai Soren, a member of the JMM Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 76 Lacs.

Chandra Deo Prasad, a member of the Aihra National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Mohan Hembrom, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Prakash Choudhary, a member of the AJSU Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Chandra Shekhar Mahato, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Thou.

Christopher Murmu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 86 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dayanand Kumar, a member of the Janata Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Deepak Kumar Das, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Kumar Giri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Deo Kumar Dhan, a member of the Jharkhand Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Dhananjay Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinesh Mahato, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Thou.

Dinesh Oraon, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Dinesh Ram, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Shrilal Kisku, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Duleshwar Saw, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Dwaraka Prasad Lala, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ekus Dhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Geeta Kora, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Ghuran Ram, a member of the RJD Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Gopal Prasad Sahu, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate, assets valued at 34 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Gopin Soren, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 10 Thou.

Hari Orawn, a member of the Kalinga Sena Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Heera Lal Shankhvar, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Hemlal Murmu, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Indumati Mundu, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jagarnath Mahto, a member of the JMM Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 81 Lacs.

Jagat Kumar Soni, a member of the Bhartiya Azad Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 55 Thou.

Jaidullah Ansari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jay Prakash Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayant Sinha, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 77 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Crore.

Jitendra Kumar Barnwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Jitendra Thakur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jogeshwar Thakur, a member of the Vishva SHakti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jorawar Ram, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Rangaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 82, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.C.Singh Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kali Charan Munda, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalindar Oraon, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Kanchan Kumari, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Kirti Azad, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 51 Lacs.

Krishna Kumar Singh, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishna Mardi, a member of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (Ulgulan) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Lakshmi Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laxman Giluwa, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Madan Ram, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Madhu Sudan, a member of the Jharkhand Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Madhusudan Ray, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Thou.

Madhvi Singh, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahashay Tudu, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Hansda, a member of the IND Party, with 11 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Kumar, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Mahesh Kumar Suman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Pahadiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Malay Kumar Mahato, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Thou.

Mandal Hansda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mangal Marandi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 59 Lacs.

Manoj Kumar Yadav, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mantosh Kumar Mandal, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mary Nisha Hansdak, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Mahboob Alam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Md Mubarak, a member of the Janata Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Moin Uddin Ahmad, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Meenakshi Munda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Meghnath Rawani, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meraj Khan, a member of the SP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mihir Chandra Mahato, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Misbahul Islam, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohril Murmu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Monika Kisku, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Mubin Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Munna Baraik, a member of the Aihra National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murari Kapri, a member of the Aam Adhikar Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Nageshwar Ganjhu, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nand Kishor Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Thou.

Nand Lal Prasad Keshari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Nandlal Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Neel Justin Beck, a member of the Bharatiya Minorities Suraksha Mahasangh Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Neeraj Hembrom, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Nishikant Dubey, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 46 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Niyaran Herenj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Noor Hassan, a member of the Rashtriya Samta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Ranjan, a member of the Jharkhand Peoples Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Panmani Singh, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Pardeshi Lal Munda, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parmeshwar Mahto, a member of the Jharkhand Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pashupati Nath Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawan Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Pradeep Yadav, a member of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) Party, with 13 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradip Turi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Toppo, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pratap Singh Banara, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prayag Ram, a member of the Proutist Sarva Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prem Prakash Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Probina Murmu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pushpa Sinku, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Qamar Raza Khan, a member of the Bhartiya Panchyat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Raghunath Mahli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Raj Kumar Yadav, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Rajendra Dasaundhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Rajesh Besra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Rajesh Ranjan, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Thapa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajni Devi, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 84 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Mahto, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rakesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Lal Mahto, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Tahal. Choudhary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramanand Das, a member of the Bhartiya Sarvodaya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Ramavtar Mahto, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Tudu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rameshi Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Rameshwar Pd Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 67 Thou.

Rameshwar Ram Kushwaha, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramji Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Ramjit Mahto, a member of the Proutist Sarva Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Ranjit Kumar Singh, a member of the Jharkhand Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjit Mahto, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raska Soren, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rasul Baksh, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sabita Kaibarto, a member of the Aihra National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sagar Ram, a member of the Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is illiterate, assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 43 Thou.

Samuel Tudu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 47 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saniya Oraon, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Oraon, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Seth, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sanjeev Kumar Mahato, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sarfaraj Ahmad, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Sarita Anand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

Satish Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Satish Soren, a member of the Jharkhand Peoples Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, a Graduate, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satyendra Kumar Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Senapati Murmu, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Shailesh Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sharvan Kumar Panna, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Shaukat Ali, a member of the Bharatiya Momin Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Shekh Akhir Uddin, a member of the Jharkhand Party (Naren), with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Shibu Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Manavadhikaar Federal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shibu Soren, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Shivnath Saw, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shravan Kumar Ravi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Thou.

Shyam Narayan Bhuiya, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sibil Kandulna, a member of the Rashtriya Sangail Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Siddharth Gautam, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sidheshwar Singh, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Simmi Suman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

Sohrab Shah, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Stephan Besra, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Subhash Prasad Yadav, a member of the RJD Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 52 Lacs.

Subodh Kant Sahay, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Subrat Kumar Pradhan, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudarshan Bhagat, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sudhir Kumar Mahato, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sukhdeo Bhagat, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 39 Lacs.

Sukhram Herenj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Sunil Soren, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Sunita Munda, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Sunita Tudu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Surya Singh Besra, a member of the Jharkhand Peoples Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Sushma Mehta, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Tekochand Mahto, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Thakuroon Soren, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 59 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tuklal Nayak, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uday Kumar Paswan, a member of the Jan Sangharsh Virat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Kumar Paswan, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Umesh Paswan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Varun Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 92 Thou, liabilities amounting to 19 Thou.

Vijay Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Kumar Hansdak, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Vijay Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikas Chandra Sharma, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishnu Dayal Ram, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Yogendra Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Zaffar Obaid, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdual Rashid Ganie, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Khaliq Bhat, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Qayoom Wani, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Abdul Rashid Banday, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aga Syed Mohsin, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Ali Mohammad Wani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asgar Ali Karbalai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Badri Nath, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bahadur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Balwan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bansi Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Bilal Sultan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Ch. Zaffar Ali, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir People Conference Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dr. Jitendra Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Engineer Rashid, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Lacs.

Er. Ghulam Mustafa Chowdhary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Farooq Abdullah, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Conference Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 83, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Firdous Ahmed Bawani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Garib Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Gh. Mohd. Wani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 31 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ghulam Ahmad Mir, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gursagar Singh, a member of the Navarang Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Haji Farooq Ahmad Mir, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harsh Dev Singh, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Hasnain Masoodi, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Conference Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Imtiyaz Ahmad Rather, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Irfan Raza Ansari, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir People Conference Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 66 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Jahangir Khan, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Javaid Ahmed, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Javid Ahmad Qureshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jugal Kishore, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Crore.

Kyasir Ahmad Sheikh, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Lal Singh, a member of the Dogra Swabhiman Sangathan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Lal Singh, a member of the Dogra Swabhiman Sangathan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Manish Sahni, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Manzoor Ahmad Khan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meenakshi, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mehbooba Mufti, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mirza Sajad Hussain Beigh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Akbar Lone, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Conference Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 59 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mohd Ayub, a member of the Navarang Congress Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 49 Thou.

Mohd Maqbool War, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd Younis, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir Pir Panjal Awami Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nazir Ahmad Lone, a member of the Rashtriya Jankranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Nazir Ahmad Sofi, a member of the Manvadhikar National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nisar Ahmad Wani, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Perseen Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prof. Bhim Singh, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raja Aijaz Ali, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir People Conference Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Rajiv Chuni, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

Rakesh Mudgal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raman Bhalla, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 68 Lacs.

Ridwana Sanam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rigzin Spalbar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 87 Lacs.

Riyaz Ahmad Bhat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sajjad Ahmad Dar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sajjad Hussain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sakander Ahmad Nourani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Kumar Dhar, a member of the Manvadhikar National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Poonchi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaber Ahmed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 79 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shams Khwaja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 44 Thou, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Shazad Shabnam, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Sheikh Khalid Jehangir, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 38 Lacs.

Showkat Hussain Khan, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sofi Yousuf, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subash Chander, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surinder Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sushil Kumar, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Syed Aqib Hussain, a member of the Independent Peoples Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Syed Najeeb Shah Naqvi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 67 Lacs.

Syed Zeshan Haider, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 90 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tarseem Lal Khullar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Tilak Raj Bhagat, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tsering Namgyal, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikramaditya Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 48 Lacs.

Zubair Masoodi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Ayan Mandal, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

C G Saji Kumar, a member of the All India Hindustan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C U Rasheed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Gour Chandra Majumder, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Henry, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 56 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

K Kalimuthu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K Venkat Ram Babu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuldeep Rai Sharma, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Minati Biswas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Paritosh Kumar Haldar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Prakash Minj, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

S Sudershan Rao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Lacs.

Sanjay Meshack, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

V V Khalid, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vishal Jolly, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Abdul Asiph, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Qayyum Siddiqui, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Abhijeet Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Advocate Amit Kumar Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 48 Lacs.

Ajay Pal, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajaypal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Amar Singh Kalundha, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Lacs.

Amit Sharma Jangir, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amraram, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Anand Kumar Sain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Joya Meghwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Anju Devi Dhanka, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Ankur Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anoop Kumar, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Arjun Ram Meghwal, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Arjunlal Meena, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Arjunram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aslam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 93 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Babita Wadhwani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Thou.

Babulal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Badree Lal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Badri Ram, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Bajrang Lal Meena, a member of the Rashtriya Kranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bal Dev Prasad Saini, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Thou.

Balwan Poonia, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 12 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Bansilal Kataria, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Banwari Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Bapulal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagirath Chaudhary, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 83 Lacs.

Bhagirath Singh Kharrte Bhadhadar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagwan Sahay, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhaira Ram, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhajan Singh Gharoo, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Bhanwar Lal Joshi, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bhanwar Lal Kumawat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhanwer Lal Mali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhanwerlal, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharat Ram Meghwal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Bharti Meena, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Bhava Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bheraram Barar Meghwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bheraram Jakhar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhim Singh, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhim Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bimla Devi Meena, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Birdhi Lal Chhanwal, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bishanaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chand Mohammad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Chandra Prakash, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Chandra Prakash, a member of the Rashtriya Krantikari Samajwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Prakash Meena, a member of the Nationalist Peoples Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Prakash Tanwar, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chenaram, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Thou.

Col. Rajyavardhan Rathore, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dararam Nayak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devaji Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Devkinandan (Kaka), a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 76, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dharmendra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmi Chand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinesh Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Diya Kumari, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Balkrishan Panwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Jyoti Mirdha, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 65 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Dr. Tejpal, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Durga Lal Regar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Dushyant, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Dwarka Prasad, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gajendra Singh Shekhawat, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Ganesh Meena, a member of the Indian Peoples Green Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ghanshyam Meghwal, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ghanshyam Singh Tawar, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ghanshyam Singh Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gomati Dharampal Kataria, a member of the Bharat Rakshak Party (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Gopal Dhakad, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Gopal Singh Shekhawat, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gulab Sehlot, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gulab Singh, a member of the Poorvanchal Rashtriya Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Guru Gokulchand Rashtarwadi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Haneef, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hanuman Beniwal, a member of the Rashtriya Loktantrik Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hanuman Ram, a member of the Rashtriya Power Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hari Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Haripal Bairwa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harish Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Harish Kumar Dhakar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Harji Lal Meena, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Thou.

Hemant Kumar Singhvi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Hergovind, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Imran Khan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 58 Lacs.

Jagdish Chandra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Jagdish Chandra Sharma, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jai Prakash Regar, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jaskaur Meena, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 58 Lacs.

Jeet Ram Bairwa, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Kumar Khatik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jitendra Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jyoti Khandelwal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Kailash Chand Jagarwal, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kailash Choudhary, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kailash Karwasara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 94 Thou.

Kaluram, a member of the Rashtriya Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamal Bhargav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kanakmal Katara, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Kanhaiyalal Vaishnav, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kantilal Roat, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kapoora Ram Meena, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 38 Lacs.

Keshri Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 42 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kesu Lal Meena, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Kheta Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kika Mina, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishan Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Mangalam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Krishna Poonia, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Kuldeep Singh, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumbharam Meena, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Lakharam Choudhary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laxman Kumar, a member of the Proutist Sarva Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laxmi Kant (Bairwa), a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lukaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Lunarama, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Madan Gopal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 49 Lacs.

Madan Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madanalal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahant Akash Giri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 57 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahant Balak Nath, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Kumar Raniwal, a member of the AARAKSHAN VIRODHI PARTY, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maliram Nayaka, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mangal Ram Godra, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mangilal Meena, a member of the Satya Bahumat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar Joshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Manoj Rajoria, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Manvendra Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mishri Kathat, a member of the Indian Peoples Green Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Moda Ram Meghwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Nasir, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd. Yunus, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Gena, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Mukesh Kumar, a member of the SHS Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 101 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Mukul Chaudhary, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mula Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Namonarayan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Naresh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 72 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kumar Atal, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Neeru Ram Kapri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Nihal Chand, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Nimbaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 92 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nitesh Damor, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Om Birla, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

P. P. Chaudhary, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 72 Lacs.

P. Trilok Tiwari (Trilok Tiwari), a member of the Rashtriya Samta Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Patel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parbhulal Meena, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawan Kumar Jain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Pawan Kumar Sharma, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Popatlal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prakash Chandra Meena, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Pramod Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prashant Saini, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Praveen Khandelwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Prem Lata Banshiwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with unspecified educational background, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prem Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prince Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Punamchand, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Purushottam Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

R. S. Meena Kalky, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radha Bhandari, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radhey Shyam Meena, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 90 Lacs.

Rafique Mandelia, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 46 Crore.

Raghuvir Singh Meena, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Rahul Kaswan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Rajendra Kumar, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Rajendra Prasad Singor, a member of the Marxist Communist Party of India (United), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Choudhari (Rakesh Samdolav), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Chandra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Charan Bohra, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Ram Charan Joshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Thou.

Ram Janki Swami, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Ram Narain, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ram Niwas, a member of the Bharat Rakshak Party (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Prasad Jatav, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Ram Singh Kasana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Ramesh Kumar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramkumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Ramlal Dhanaka, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramlal Mohbarsha, a member of the Indian Indira Congress (R) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Rampal Sharma, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Ramphool Meena, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ramprasad Jatav, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Ranjeeta Kumari, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rastra Putra Hindu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ratan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Ravindra Singh Shekhawat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravtaram, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 82 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Riju Jhunjhunwala, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 85 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Crore.

Rinku Kumar Meena, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Garg, a member of the Swarna Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Sanjay Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saroj Prajapat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Satish Bhardwaj, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Satyapal Bauddh, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Savita Meena, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Shambhu Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shamshuddin, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 7 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankerlal, a member of the Satya Bahumat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sharad Chand Jain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sharwan Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sharwan Kumar S/O Hukma Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Sheela Shekhawat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Shiv Bhagawan, a member of the Dalit Soshit Pichhara Varg Adhikar Dal Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 84 Thou.

Shiv Narayan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivlal Gurjar, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Shobha Ram Nirmal, a member of the Proutist Sarva Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shobhal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyopat Ram, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sita Devi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sohanaram Rathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Somesh Bhatnagar, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Soniya Regar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Chandra Baheria, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Subhash Maharia, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Sukhbir Singh Jaunapuria, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 123 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhdev Meghwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumedhanand Saraswati, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Sunil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Surajmal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Tarachand Bhagora, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 64 Lacs.

Tasleem, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Tejveer Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tilak Raj Munjal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Titara Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Triloki Narayan Hatila, a member of the Jan Sangharsh Virat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umrao Salodia, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vaibhav Gehlot, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Babu, a member of the Prabuddha Republican Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Shree, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijendra Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Jan Satta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vikas Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinay Kumar Varma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Virad Singla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Thou.

Virender Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Vishek Vishnoi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishram Babu, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Yakub Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yogesh Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aashish S Saxena, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Abhinav Kumar, a member of the Sanyukt Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aditi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aditya Kumar Naveen, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Bhai, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 87 Lacs.

Ajay Chaudhary, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ajay Kumar Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Ajay Makan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amanullah Ahmed, a member of the Bhartiya Insan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Kumar Sharma, a member of the Sanjhi Virasat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amrender Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Anil Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Anil Kumar Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anupam Tripathi, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Anuruddh Kumar Dube, a member of the Bharat Lok Sewak Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Arvinder Singh Lovely, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Surana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Atishi, a member of the AAP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baidyanath Sah, a member of the Proutist Bloc, India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Balbir Singh Jakhar, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Balbir Singh S/O Dayaram Chaudhary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Birju Nayak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Brijesh Goyal, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 95 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Charan Singh "Babrik", a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D Durga Prasad, a member of the Challengers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

D. Durga Prasad, a member of the Challengers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dalbir Singh Malik, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 51 Lacs.

Dan Bahadur Yadav, a member of the Bhartiya Janta Dal (Integrated) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Daya Nand Vats, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Kumar, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepti Chopra, a member of the PRISM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Deepti Nadella, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 90 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Desh Kumar, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Jan Sangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharambir Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Janshakti Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dheer Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilip Kumar, a member of the Sanatan Sanskriti Raksha Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dilip Pandey, a member of the AAP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilip Singh Kothari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Mahender Singh Churiyana, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Dr. Suman Yadav, a member of the Jai Maha Bharath Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Farhadeeba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Gaurav Bhatia, a member of the Mazdoor Kirayedar Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam Gambhir, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 147 Crore, liabilities amounting to 34 Crore.

Gugan Singh, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hafiz Burhanuddin, a member of the The National Road Map Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hans Raj Hans, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Harbalwinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harkrishan Das Nijhawan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Harsh Nath Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harsh Vardhan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harsh Vardhan Shukla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hitesh Kumar, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Inder Sen, a member of the Rashtriya Samrasta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Iqbal Singh (Sonu), a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ishwar Mansukh Ishu, a member of the Satya Bahumat Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

J. K. Jain, a member of the Jai Prakash Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jai Prakash Agarwal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Janak Raj Rana, a member of the Akhand Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Jitendra, a member of the PRISM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Raut, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Manavata Paksha Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Thou.

Jugal Kishor, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

K Roshan Kumar, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K Sreekrishna, a member of the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 59 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamal Kishor, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kripashankar C Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Krishan Singh Chauhan, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Kulwinder Singh Mehta, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lal Ji, a member of the Akhand Rashtrawadi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

M. Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madan Lal Balmiki, a member of the Rashtriya Samrasta Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahabal Mishra, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 45 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Mahender Paswan, a member of the Mazdoor Kirayedar Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahfooj Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Manager Chaurasiya, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manjeet Singh, a member of the Rashtra Nirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Manju Chhibber, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manmohan Singh, a member of the Rashtra Nirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Thou.

Manoj Kumar Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Tiwari, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mathews, a member of the Bhartiya Insan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Akram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meenakashi Lekhi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 79 Lacs.

Mohan Kumar Gupta, a member of the Mazdoor Kirayedar Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Lal Sharma, a member of the Satya Bahumat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd Hasan, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd Irfan, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd. Irfan Javed Qureshi, a member of the Ekta Samaj Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Mukesh Jadly, a member of the Uttarakhand Pragatisheel Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Munna Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naise Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Navanit, a member of the National Youth Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Thou, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Naveen, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naveen Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Samrasta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 86 Thou.

Navin Chandra Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Neeru Mongia, a member of the PRISM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Nilanjan Banerjee, a member of the Bharat Lok Sewak Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Kumar Gupta, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Parvesh Sahib Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Poonam, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Pradesh Kumar, a member of the Sarvodaya Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Pravesh Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Priyanka Bharihoke, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Probir Dutta, a member of the Satya Bahumat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raghav Chadha, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rahimuddin Shah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Karan, a member of the Corruption Abolition Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Raj Kumar Dhingiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Shekhar Gunti, a member of the PRISM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Rajendra Prasad Gupta, a member of the Parivartan Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Lilothia, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 79 Thou.

Rajesh Satiya, a member of the Sanatan Sanskriti Raksha Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 62 Thou, liabilities amounting to 43 Thou.

Rajiv Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajveer Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Ram Khelawan, a member of the Proutist Bloc, India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ram Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Pragatisheel Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Ramesh Bidhuri, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Ramesh Chand Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ravi Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ravinder Paul Sehgal, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Thou.

Ravindra, a member of the Kanshiram Bahujan Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Roshan Kumar Choudhary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 29 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

S N Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 72, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sameer Mirza, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandeep, a member of the Rashtriya Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Satdev Jain, a member of the Proutist Bloc, India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Satish Kumar Prajapati, a member of the Mazdoor Kirayedar Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saurabh Ranjan, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shahid Ali, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Sharestha Arora, a member of the Mazdoor Kirayedar Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shashijeet, a member of the National Youth Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sheila Dikshit, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 81, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shish Pal Singh, a member of the PRISM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Siddhant Gautam, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Sita Saran Sen, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sobran Singh Chauhan, a member of the Rashtriya Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sohan Lal Sharma, a member of the Rashtra Nirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sree Nivasan Ramamoorthy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suman Devi, a member of the Bharat Lok Sewak Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumedha Bodh, a member of the Jan Samman party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Vishvakarma, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Surender Gupta, a member of the National Apni Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Kumar, a member of the Socialist Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swadesh Kumar Ohr, a member of the Atulya Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Umesh Chandra Gaur, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Upendra, a member of the Anjaan Aadmi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijender, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Vikash Kumar Mohal, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Virender Pratap Singh, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Virendra Singh Bharat, a member of the Rashtriya Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Vishal Khanna, a member of the Sanatan Sanskriti Raksha Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Yogesh Swamy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Khader Haji, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ali Akbar K., a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Mohammed Sadique Kp, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Mohammed Faizal Pp, a member of the NCP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muhammed Hamdullah Sayeed, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Shareef Khan, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aashin U. S., a member of the Indian Gandhiyan Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abhimanyu Singh Patel, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Thou.

Abhimanyu Singh Sunny, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abhishek Chand, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abu Umaima, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abushad, a member of the Akhand Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Acharya Pramod Krishnam, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adesh Tyagi, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Advocate Prem Nath Sharma, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Afajal Varis, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aftab Alam, a member of the BSP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Afzaal, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Afzal Ansari, a member of the BSP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Ajay Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Jan Nayak Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Kumar Dixit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Kumar Sharma, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Rai, a member of the INC Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Ajeet Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 28 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajeet Kumar Patel, a member of the Pragatisheel Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajimullah, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajit Pratap Kushawaha, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 68 Lacs.

Ajit Singh, a member of the RLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akash Niraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akeel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhilesh, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Akhilesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 85 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhilesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhilesh, a member of the SP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhilesh Kumar, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Akhilesh Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Akhtar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Akshash Krishna, a member of the Pichhra Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akshay Pratap Singh Alias Gopal Ji, a member of the Jansatta Dal Loktantrik Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Akshay Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 32 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Akshayabar Lal, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Alok Kumar, a member of the Sabhi Jan Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amar Bahadur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Amar Chandra Jauhar, a member of the BSP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Amar Singh Mahaur, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Amarjeet, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ambedkari Hasnuram Ambedkari, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Amichand, a member of the Rashtriya Samanta Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amiruddin, a member of the Apna Dal United Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Amit Tripathi, a member of the Adhunik Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Amresh Mishra, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anand Kumar Gautam, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anand Prakash Singh Rajput, a member of the Rashtriya Backward Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anand Sen, a member of the SP Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Anand Vikram Singh, a member of the SHS Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aneel Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Anil, a member of the Hum Sabki Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Kumar, a member of the Bahujan Awam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Kumar Chaurasiya, a member of the Janhit Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Anil Kumar Kushwaha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Singh, a member of the Aam Janta Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Ulama Council Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Anita, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anita Tripathi, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Ankit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ankit Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Annu Tandon, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 81 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Anshu Chaitanya Maharaj, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anuj Kumar, a member of the Subhashwadi Bhartiya Samajwadi Party (Subhas, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anuj Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Lokmat Rashtrwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anupriya Singh Patel, a member of the Apna Dal (Soneylal) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Anurag Sharma, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Archana Mishra, a member of the Satya Bahumat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Arjun, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arjun Pandey, a member of the Atulya Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 38 Thou.

Arjun Singh Lodhi, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arpit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arshad Iliyas Siddiqui, a member of the BSP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 52 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Crore.

Arshad Warsi, a member of the Minorities Democratic Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arti Agrawal, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Arti Devi, a member of the Mahasankalp Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Arti Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kumar Sagar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Arun Kumari Kori, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Arun Shanker Shukla, a member of the SP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Arvind, a member of the Bhartiya Jan Nayak Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Kumar Pandey, a member of the Nagrik Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Arvind Yadav, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asha Devi, a member of the Lok Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Asha Devi, a member of the Lok Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 67 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashish Kumar Tripathi, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Ashok Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar, a member of the Janhit Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

Ashok Kumar Adhana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 42 Thou.

Ashok Kumar Dohare, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Ashok Kumar Kanaujiya, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Paswan, a member of the Sabhi Jan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Pratap Maurya, a member of the Aajad Bharat Party (Democratic), with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ashok Sharma, a member of the Subhashwadi Bhartiya Samajwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Tripathi, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 72 Lacs.

Ashutosh, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashutosh Kumar Pandey, a member of the Mera Adhikaar Rashtriya Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Asif Khan, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asman Datt Mishra, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Atar Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Shoshit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ateek Ahmad, a member of the IND Party, with 59 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Atul Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Atul Kumar Dwivedi, a member of the Lok Gathbandhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Atul Kumar Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with 13 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 34 Lacs.

Atul Kumar Singh, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 74 Thou.

Avdhesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avinash Chandra Jain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Awadhesh Kumar Singh, a member of the Shane Hind Fourm Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Ayodhya, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babloo Ram, a member of the Bharatiya Sarvodaya Kranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babu Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bachacha Lal, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 81 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bal Krishna, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Balbir Singh Chandel, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 66 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baljeet Kaur, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balkumar Patel, a member of the INC Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Balmukund, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 94 Thou.

Bandana Gupta, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Banshi Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Bas Deo Maurya, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 88 Thou.

Beerendra Kanaujiya, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Beni Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagwandas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagwandeen, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagwat Saran Gangwar, a member of the SP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagwati Prasad Choudhary, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Bhai Lal, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Bhaiya Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhal Chandra Yadav, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Bhanu Prakash Pandey, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhanu Pratap Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Thou.

Bharat, a member of the Janta Raj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bharat Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Kranti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bhawani Singh, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is illiterate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhishm Jeet Singh, a member of the Fauji Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhishma Shankar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhoj Raj, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhola Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bholanath (B.P. Saroj), a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Bhupendra Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Shoshit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Bijendra Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Birja, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brahm Swaroop Sagar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Brajlal Khabri, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Brijendra Dutt Triptahi, a member of the Adarshwaadi Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brijendra Kumar Verma, a member of the Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Brijendra Mani Tripathi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brijesh Kumar, a member of the RPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brijesh Kumar, a member of the Janhit Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Brijesh Kumar, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brijpal Singh, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Budhi Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Byasmuni, a member of the Kanshiram Bahujan Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.L. Verma, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 68 Lacs.

Chakrapan5, a member of the Jan Adesh Akshuni Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chanchal Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandan Kumar Yadav, a member of the Rashtriya Ulama Council Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Bhadra Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Bhan Sankhwar, a member of the Rashtriya Janmat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Mani Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Prakash Pandey, a member of the Naitik Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandradev Ram Yadav, a member of the BSP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Chandrash, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Chandrashekhar, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandrika Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Charan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Charan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chattar Alias Chatrapal Singh Nishad, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 34 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chaudhary Basheer, a member of the IND Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Chaudhary Mohkam, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 66 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chedi Lal, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chheddu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 26 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chhotelal, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chhotelal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chotte Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Com. Ashok Kumar Kharwar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Daddan Mishra, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dakkhini Prasad Kushwaha, a member of the Rashtriya Garib Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dalveer Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 33 Thou.

Dasharath, a member of the Prithviraj Janshakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Davender, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dayaram, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Thou.

Deepak Chaudhary, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Chaurasa, a member of the Janhit Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deo Vrat Mishra, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 51 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dev Narayan Singh, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Dhananjay Sharma, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Dhani Ram Chaudhri, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmendra, a member of the BHARTIYA JANTA DAL Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmendra, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmendra Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Dharmendra Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Dharmvir Balmiki, a member of the Bhartiya Bhaichara Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhirendra Pratap Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Dhurv Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dileep Sharma, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dileram, a member of the Bhartiya Harit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dilip Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Dilshad Ahmed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dilshad Ahmed Siddique, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dimple Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Dinesh Kumar, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinesh Kumar Gautam, a member of the Bhartiya Anarakshit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinesh Kumar Pal, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 54 Lacs.

Dinesh Pratap Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Dinesh Sai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Divya Yog Maya Saraswati, a member of the Rashtriya Bharatiya Jan Jan Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dolly Sharma, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Ashish Kumar Singh, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Ganesh, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Gondwana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Neelu Satyarthi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dr Rajesh Kumar Verma, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 81 Lacs.

Dr Ram Shankar Katheria, a member of the BJP Party, with 12 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Lacs.

Dr. Amarnath Paswan, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Arvind Kumar Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Dr. B. L. Verma, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Dr. Bharat, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Dr. Chandra Sen Jadon, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Deelip Kumar Saroj, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dr. Mahendra Nath Pandey, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Mahesh Sharma, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 47 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Dr. Neeraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Rajeev Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Rajesh Kumar Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Jan Nayak Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Rakesh Pratap, a member of the Bharatiya Jan Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 82 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dr. Ram Lakhan Chaurasiya, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. S T Hasan, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dr. Saleem Ahmad, a member of the Sabse Achchhi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Sanjay Sinh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 41 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Satyapal Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Shafiqur Rehman Barq, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 86, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Shekh Siraj Baba, a member of the Rashtriya Matadata Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Dr. Sita Ram Rajput, a member of the Sabka Dal United Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. U.P. Shivananda, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 51 Lacs.

Durgesh Singh, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Ehsan Ahmad, a member of the Naitik Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Engineer Ajeet Sonkar, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Feroze Varun Gandhi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 60 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Firoj Ahamad, a member of the Kanshiram Bahujan Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Firoz Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Fool Dulari, a member of the Samdarshi Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is illiterate, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh Chaudari, a member of the Saaf Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh Rawat, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Gangaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 28 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaurav Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Gauri Shankar, a member of the Kisan Raksha Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Thou.

Gayatri Prasad, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Geeta, a member of the Ambedkar Samaj Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Geeta Devi, a member of the Bahujan Awam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 31 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Girdhar Gopal Tripathi, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Girish Chandra, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Girish Chandra, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 90 Lacs.

Girish Narain Pande, a member of the Sarvodaya Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gopal Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gopal Ram Kharwar, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gopal Swaroop Gandhi, a member of the Kisan Majdoor Berojgar Sangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gorakhram Nishad, a member of the Bahujan Uday Manch Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Guddi Kinnar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gur Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Hafiz Ali, a member of the Peace Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Haji Fazlur Rehman, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Haji Mohammad Yaqoob, a member of the BSP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Haneef Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hanoman Prassad Mishra, a member of the Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 86 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harendra Agarwal, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Harendra Singh Malik, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Hari Bhai Patel, a member of the Aam Janta Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hari Lal, a member of the Rastriya Insaaf Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hari Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Harinarayan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Hariom, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Hariram Shakya, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 81, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harish Chandra Alias Harish Dwivedi, a member of the BJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Harish Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harswaroop, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harun Rasheed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 51 Lacs.

Hasan Raza, a member of the Rashtriya Ulama Council Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Heena Shahid, a member of the Janhit Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hema Malini Dharmendra Deol, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 250 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Crore.

Hemant Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hemendra Pal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hemraj Paswan, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hemraj Verma, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Himanshi, a member of the Lok Gathbandhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hori Lal, a member of the Pragatisheel Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Hridaya Narayan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ilam Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Ilyas, a member of the Bhartiya Hind Fauj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Imran, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Imran Masood, a member of the INC Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Indrajeet Saroj, a member of the SP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Indrapal, a member of the Rashtriya Surya Prakash Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Indu Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Irshad Ali Ansari, a member of the VANCHITSAMAJ INSAAF PARTY, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ishrat Khan, a member of the All India Minorities Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ishwar Dayal Singh Seth, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ishwari Prasad Kushwaha, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Israr Ahamad, a member of the Bharatiya Aavaam Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Istakar Ali, a member of the National Lokmat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jafar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jafri Begum, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Jagat Vikram Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Jagdambika Pal, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Jagdeep Singh, a member of the Loktantrik Janshakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdish Kumar Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Jagdish Prasad Gautam, a member of the Manavtawadi Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdish Rawat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Jagpal, a member of the Akhand Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagvir Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jai Prakash, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Jai Prakash Mishra, a member of the Rashtrawadi Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jaipal Singh Saini, a member of the Jansatta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Janardan Gond, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jangbahadur, a member of the Bhartiya Manav Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Janmejay Kumar Prajapati, a member of the Bharatiya Samta Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 51 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jasvant Singh Baghel, a member of the Rashtriya Shoshit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Jasveer Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Naujawan Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Javed Khan, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Javed Khan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who is illiterate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Javed Mohammad Khan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayant Chaudhary, a member of the RLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Jayaprada Nahata, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Jeera Devi, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jimidar Singh Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra, a member of the Bhartiya Manav Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Kumar, a member of the Jwala Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Juber Ahmad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kaif Raza Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kailash Chauhan, a member of the Janta Kranti Party (Rashtravadi), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Kailash Kumar Mishra, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, a Graduate, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Thou.

Kailash Nath, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalpana Khard, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalpana Rawat, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamesh Kumar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Kamla Devi, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Kamla Prasad, a member of the Ambedkar Yug Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamlesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Kamlesh Kumar, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Kamlesh Paswan, a member of the BJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 60 Lacs.

Kamlesh Tiwari, a member of the IND Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamta Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 34 Thou.

Kamta Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanchan Yadav, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Kanwar Singh Tanwar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 182 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Karan Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kaushal Kishore, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kedarnath, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Keshari Devi Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 65 Lacs.

Keshari Nandan, a member of the Sabka Dal United Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Keshav, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Kiran Chaudhary, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Kiran R. C. Jatav, a member of the Kartavya Rashtriya Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kirpa Shankar Shakya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Kirti Vardhan Singh Alias Raja Bhaiya, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Kishan Lal, a member of the Sanyukt Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kishan Lal, a member of the Rashtriya Krantikari Samajwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kishan Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kripa Shankar Prasad, a member of the Bharatiya Samta Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishan Pal Singh, a member of the Bharat Lok Sewak Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Thou.

Krishna Kumar Yadav, a member of the Lok Jan Sangharsh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishna Patel, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Krishna Pratap Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Krishna Pratap Singh, a member of the Samagra Utthan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ku. Devendra Singh Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 204 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Kuldeep, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuldeep Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunwar Danish Ali, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Kunwar Jitin Prasada, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunwar Pal Singh, a member of the Jan Seva Sahayak Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunwar Pushpendra Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Kunwar Sarvraj Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunwer Ratanjit Pratap Narayan Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laeek Ahmad Mansoori, a member of the Naitik Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakshmi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lal Babu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is illiterate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Lal Mani Tripathi (Bhai Sahab), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalchand Prasad, a member of the Rashtriya Janshakti Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laldhari Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalita, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Navnirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalitesh Pati Tripathi, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Lallu Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Lalta Prasad, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Lcchiman Kannooizya, a member of the Prithviraj Janshakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Liyakat Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Lotan Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Luxman, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maanav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Madhavendra Pushkar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 92 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhuraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhusudan Tripathi, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Mahak Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mahender Yadav, a member of the Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Kumar, a member of the Awami Samta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 31 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Pal Verma, a member of the Bahujan Awam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Pratap Singh, a member of the Al-Hind Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Singh Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Mahesh Chandra Sahu, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mahesh Pathak, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Shriwastav, a member of the Kalyankari Jantantrik Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Tiwari, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Major Jagat Pal Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Major Ramesh Chandra Upadhyay, a member of the Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Malkhan Singh Rajpoot, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Malook Nagar, a member of the BSP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 249 Crore, liabilities amounting to 101 Crore.

Maneka Sanjay Gandhi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 55 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mangeram, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Mangeram Kashyap, a member of the Majdoor Kisan Union Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish Chandra Kori, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish Shrivastava, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 88 Thou.

Manisha Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Manjari Rahi, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Manju Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manju Lata Pal, a member of the Aam Janta Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manohar Anandrao Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manohar Lal Saroj, a member of the Netaji Subhash Chander Bose Rashtriya Azad Pa Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Agarwal, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Crore.

Manoj Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 51 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Manoj Kumar Mishra, a member of the Manuvadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Manoj Kumar Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar Rana, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Union Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kumar Soni, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Manoj Rana, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Lok Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Manoj Sinha, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Manoj Vikat, a member of the Bahujan Nyay Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mastram Kori, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mathura, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Matloob Ahmad, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meera Devi, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mishri Lal, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mo Fahim, a member of the Indian National League Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mo Hasan Lahari, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mo Javed Ansari, a member of the Vishwa Manav Samaj Kalyan Parishad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 90 Thou, liabilities amounting to 42 Thou.

Mo. Aslam Alias Pasha, a member of the Jan Shakti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mo. Hanif, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Mo. Imran Khan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Moh. Mumtaz Raza, a member of the Rashtriya Janwadi Party (Socialist), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 81 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Azam Khan, a member of the SP Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Zahid, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Lal, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd Arbi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd Ateeq, a member of the National Fifty Fifty Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd Gufran Kazmi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd Saleem, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mohd Saroor Ali, a member of the Janata Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Mohd. Khushi, a member of the United Democratic Front Secular Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 85 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd. Masroor, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with unspecified educational background, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mohd. Salim Ahmed, a member of the Sabse Achchhi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd. Shakeel (Adv.), a member of the Lok Dal Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd. Uvais, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohinder Kumar, a member of the Sarvshreshth Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mojilal, a member of the Rashtriya Janadhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Molhey Ram Rawat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 35 Thou.

Motiuddin, a member of the Rashtriya Ulama Council Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mubarak Ali, a member of the AIFB Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Devi, a member of the Mahasankalp Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Kumar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Kumar, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Rajput, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mukti Yadav, a member of the Bharatiya Rashtriya Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukut Bihari, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Thou.

Mulayam Singh Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 79, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Munesh Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Munni, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Musaraat Hussain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

N.P. Kushwaha Alias Nathuni Prasad Kushwaha, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Nabban Khan, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nadir, a member of the Peace Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagendra Kumar, a member of the Rashtrawadi Shramjeevi Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagendra Kumar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Naim, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naimish Pratap Narayan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Thou.

Nakul Dubey, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nandlal, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Modi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Singh, a member of the RLD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

Naresh Chandra, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Naresh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kumar Saini, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narveer, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Nasimuddin Siddqui, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nasir Ali, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Nasir Ali Khan, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Nathu Ram, a member of the Janvadi Party(Socialist), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Navin, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nawab Gul Chaman Sherwani, a member of the VANCHITSAMAJ INSAAF PARTY, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Neel Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Neelam Sonker, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Neeraj Kumar Pasi Advocate, a member of the Justice Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nirmal Khatri, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Nisha, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Nitin Mohan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Om Guru Charandas, a member of the Sanatan Sanskriti Raksha Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Om Prakash Mishra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Om Prakash Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ombeer Lodhi, a member of the Jan Seva Sahayak Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Omkar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Omprakash, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Omvati Devi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Onkar Singh, a member of the Samajwadi Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

P.C. Kureel, a member of the Indian National League Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Pakauri Lal, a member of the Apna Dal (Soneylal) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Pandhari Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Choudhary, a member of the BJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Pankaj Dubey, a member of the Lok Gathbandhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Pankaj Mohan Sonkar, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Pankaj Patel, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Ramkumar Singh, a member of the Akhand Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pannelal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pappu Chauhan, a member of the Satya Kranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parameshvar Lal, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 49 Lacs.

Paras, a member of the Rashtriya Jantantrik Bharat Vikas Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paro Kinnar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who is illiterate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parshuram Patel, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Parvati Nandan, a member of the Rashtriya Bharatiya Jan Jan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parveen Yogi, a member of the Bhartiya Nojawan Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parvej Aqil, a member of the All India Minorities Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pastar Thomsan Massy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawan Kumar, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 53 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawan Singh Samrat, a member of the Aam Janta Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Peer Ali Khan, a member of the Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 86 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Phakkad Baba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pintoo, a member of the Kanshiram Bahujan Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pooja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Poonam Shatrughan Sinha, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 28 Crore.

Poonam Shukla, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhawati Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 82 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Prabhu Dayal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradeep Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Pradeep Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Pradeep Kumar Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Krishna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Kumar, a member of the Samrat Ashok Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Kumar Yadav, a member of the Bhartiya Krishak Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Kureel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Pramod Shukla, a member of the Rashtrawadi Party of India,, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 72 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Tiwari, a member of the Janhit Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pratyush Pathak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Praveen Kumar Nishad, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Praveen Kumar Singh, a member of the Proutist Sarva Samaj Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Praveen Singh Aron, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 147 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Preeta Harit, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prem Shankar, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prem Singh Shakya, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Premnath Nishad, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Prince Kumar Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pritam Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Priti Kashyap, a member of the Rashtriya Mazdoor Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who is illiterate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Priya Singh Paul Alias Priyadarshini Gandhi, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Puja Pandey, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Purushottam Das (Fauzi Bhai), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Purvi Verma, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pyare Lal Bhargav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Qaiser Jahan, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Qutubuddin Khan "Dimond", a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

R S Kushwaha, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

R.K. Chaudhary, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

R.K. Singh Patel, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rabindra Kumar Srivastava, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rabiya Akhtar, a member of the Khusro Sena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radha Devi, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Radheshyam Gautam, a member of the Rashtriya Ulama Council Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radheshyam Inshan, a member of the Bhartiya Republican Party (Insan), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Radheyshyam, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Radhika Devi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 88 Lacs.

Raghav Lakhanpal, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raghuvendra Kumar, a member of the Subhashwadi Bhartiya Samajwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Raheesh Miyan, a member of the VANCHITSAMAJ INSAAF PARTY, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rahul Gandhi, a member of the INC Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 72 Lacs.

Rahul Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rahul Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Krishak Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Babbar, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Raj Kishor Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Nath, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raja, a member of the Rashtriya Vyapari Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raja Bhartendra Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raja Khateek, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajaram, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajaram, a member of the Lok Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajaram Gond, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajaram Pal, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 86 Lacs.

Rajat Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Jan Nayak Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajbahadur Urf Rajan Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rajdev, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Agarwal, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Rajendra Singh Patel, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Bharti Surya, a member of the Rashtriya Ambedkar Dal Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Rajesh Giri, a member of the Sarvodaya Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rajesh Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar Gond, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar Mishra, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Rajesh Kumar Yadav, a member of the Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Rajesh Verma, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rajesh Vishwakarma, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajiv, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajiv Choudhary, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajiv Talwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkeshar, a member of the Sajag Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar, a member of the Vikas Insaf Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar Chahar, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rajkumari Ratna Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Rajnath Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajpal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajpal Singh Saini, a member of the Jan Shakti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Rajveer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajveer Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 38 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Rajvir Diler, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajwant Singh, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rakesh, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Agarwal Advocate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Sachan, a member of the INC Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Rakesh Suri, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Bahadur Sharma, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Bahori, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Chandra, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Chandra, a member of the Bhartiya Krishak Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Gopal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Gopal Uttam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ram Jeevan, a member of the Bahujan Awam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Kumar, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Ram Kumar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ram Kumar Pandey, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Milan, a member of the Rashtriya Apna Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Thou.

Ram Narayan, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ram Naresh, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Nath, a member of the Rashtriya Janmat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 81, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Pal, a member of the Parivartan Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ram Phal Shakya, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Prasad Chaudhary, a member of the BSP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Ram Prasad Chaurasiya, a member of the Janhit Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Pratap, a member of the Purvanchal Mahapanchayat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Pravesh, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Sagar, a member of the Rashtriya Kranti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ram Sagar Paasi, a member of the Samdarshi Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Sagar Pal, a member of the Awami Samta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 71 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Sagar Rawat, a member of the SP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ram Sajiwan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Sakha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ram Shiromani, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ram Singar, a member of the Voters Party International, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Ram Singh, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Sumer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rama Devi, a member of the Bhartiya Vanchitsamaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramakant, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramapati Ram Tripathi, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 93 Lacs.

Ramashish Rai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rambhual Nishad, a member of the SP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Ramchandar, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramcharitra Nishad, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramdas Tyagi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramdev Gautam, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 90 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Chand, a member of the BJP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Ramesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rameshvar, a member of the Sabka Dal United Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramgopal, a member of the Rashtriya Janutthan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramgopal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramgovind, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Thou.

Ramji, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ramji Lal Suman, a member of the SP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramji Lal Vidhyarthi, a member of the Peace Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramji Pratap Jigyasu, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramkumar, a member of the Sarvjan Lok Shakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rampal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rampal, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rampratap, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramsharan, a member of the Vikas Insaf Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Ramsidh Yadav, a member of the Manavtawadi Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rangi Lal Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rangnath Mishra, a member of the BSP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Rashmi Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ravinder, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ravindra Kumar, a member of the Inqalab Vikas Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravindra Shyamnarayan Shukla Alias Ravi Kishan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ravindra Singh Katar, a member of the Bhartiya Navodaya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravindra Singh Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Reena Devi, a member of the National Bhrashtachar Mukt Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Reetu Verma, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rekha, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Rekha Verma, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

Rina, a member of the Saaf Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rinku Sahani, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rishabh Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Rishabh Shrivastava, a member of the Bhartiya Hind Fauj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rishi Pal, a member of the Jan Shakti Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rita Bahuguna Joshi, a member of the BJP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Ritesh Pandey, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Robin Tyagi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rodash Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rohit Kumar Pathak, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Roopchand Singh, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Samta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Ruby Kashyap, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ruby Prasad, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 48 Lacs.

Ruchi Vira, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Rukamani Devi, a member of the Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S R Darapuri, a member of the All India Peoples Front (Radical) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

S.S.K.S. Gangwal, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Samta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachin Choudhary, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sadab Noor, a member of the Adarsh Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sadal Prasad, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Sahab Singh, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sahansar Pal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Saiyyad Abbu Bakr, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saiyyad Mohammad Arif, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saleem Iqwal Shervani, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 76 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Salman Khurshid, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 38 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saman Tahir, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sameena Begum, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanatan Pandey, a member of the SP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sangam Lal Gupta, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 24 Crore, liabilities amounting to 88 Lacs.

Sangeeta Azad, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sangeeta Devi, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sangh Mitra Maurya, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Balmiki, a member of the Bhartiya Bhaichara Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Bharatiya, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 58 Lacs.

Sanjay Kapoor, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Sanjay Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Sanjay Kumar Bharti, a member of the Naitik Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 72 Thou.

Sanjay Kumar Chauhan, a member of the Nagrik Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sanjay Kumar Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sanjay Singh Chauhan, a member of the SP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sanjay Singh Rana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Sanjeev Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sanjeev Kumar Balyan, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Sanjeev Kumar Mishra, a member of the Yuva Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Santlal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Kumar Gangwar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Santosh Kumar Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Kumari, a member of the Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saritha S Nair, a member of the IND Party, with 34 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Sarju Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saroj, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Thou.

Sartaj Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sarvesh Kumar, a member of the Bharatiya Majdoor Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Thou.

Satendar, a member of the Aam Janta Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 69 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satendra Kumar Panda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Satish, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Parivartan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Bahadur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Chandra Sharma, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Kumar, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Kumar, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 84 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Satish Kumar Gautam, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Satveer, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

Satya Ram, a member of the Rashtriya Kranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Satyadev Pachauri, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Satyapal Singh Baghel, a member of the BJP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 86 Lacs.

Satyendra Nath Gaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Saurabh Mishra, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Savendra Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Savitri Bai Phoole, a member of the INC Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Seema Chauhan, a member of the Janta Kranti Party (Rashtravadi), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sewa Ram Kasana, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Shabbir Balmiki, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shabnam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaheen, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shahla Wajid, a member of the Ambedkar Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailendra Kumar Pasi, a member of the Jansatta Dal Loktantrik Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Shailendra Kumar S/O Gayadeen, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailendra Kumar S/O Shiv Prashad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailesh Kushwaha, a member of the Aajad Bharat Party (Democratic), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Shalini Yadav, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Shambhu Dayal, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 99 Lacs.

Shamim Khan, a member of the Nagrik Ekta Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Sharad Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shatrohan Lal Rawat, a member of the Lok Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Shatrunjai Singh, a member of the Lok Gathbandhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shefkat Taki, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sher Afgan, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sher Singh Upaddhaya, a member of the Rashtriya Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sheshmani Maurya, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sheshnath, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sheshraj, a member of the Bharatrashtra Democratic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiraz Rahat Khan, a member of the Ambedkar Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Charan, a member of the Jai Hind Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Dutt Shukla, a member of the Annadata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Kanya Kushwaha, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Shiv Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Nandan Singh, a member of the Bharatiya Sampuran Krantikari Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Naraian, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Prasad, a member of the Lok Gathbandhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Shivam Kushwaha, a member of the Aajad Bharat Party (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Shive Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivnandan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivpal Singh Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Shivratri, a member of the Prithviraj Janshakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivsharan, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Shravan Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shravan Kumar Pal, a member of the Rashtriya Shoshit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Shrawan Kumar Agarwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shree Krishan, a member of the Mazdoor Dalit Kisaan Mahila Gareeb Party (Hin, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shreebhagwan Sharma, a member of the BSP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Chandra Kesarwani, a member of the Baliraja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Krishna, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Pal Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Shrikrishna Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shripal Singh, a member of the Sarvjan Lok Shakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shruti Agarwal, a member of the Bundelkhand Kranti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shuchita Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyam Singh, a member of the Swatantra Jantaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyam Singh Yadav, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Shyam Sunder Singh, a member of the SP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 27 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyama Charan Gupta, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyamacharan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyamlal, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyamnarayan Yadav, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sita, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Smriti Irani, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sohan Pal Alias Sonpal, a member of the Bhartiya Krishak Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Sonia Gandhi, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 72, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sonu, a member of the Jansatta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sriprakash Jaiswal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subash Saroj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Chandra, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Subhash Chandra Dubey, a member of the Socialist Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subrat Pathak, a member of the BJP Party, with 11 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Sukhdev Prasad, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Sumeshwar Nath Tiwari, a member of the RASHTRIYA VIKLANG PARTY, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumit, a member of the Janhit Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suneel Kumar S/O Anjani Kumar, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Jan Gaurav Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the Aajad Bharat Party (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Sunil Kumar Maurya, a member of the Pragatisheel Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sunil Kumar Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Nair, a member of the Rashtriya Lok Sarvadhikar Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Prajapati, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunita Rajbhar, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunnam Istari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Supriya Shrinate, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Lacs.

Suraj Singh, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Surendra Bahadur Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surendra Kumar Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surendra Prasad, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surendra Rajbhar, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Bansal, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Suresh Chandra, a member of the Rashtriya Kranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Suresh Kumar Shukla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surya Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sushil, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sushil Kumar, a member of the Aadarsh Sangram Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sushila Dinkar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swami Paglanand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Swami Sachchidanand Hari Sakshi, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Syed Rashid Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tabassum Begum, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Taigar Ramnihor Patel Ratnashah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tanuj Punia, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Thou.

Tarawati, a member of the Awami Samta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Tej Pratap Singh Jatav, a member of the Moulik Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tej Singh, a member of the Ambedkar Samaj Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Tej Singh Seny, a member of the Rashtriya Samanta Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Thou.

Thakur Manoj Singh, a member of the Rashtravadi Party (Bharat), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Tilak Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tirbhuwan Sharma, a member of the Bharatiya Rashtravadi Samanta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tribhuvan Ram, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Triloki Nath, a member of the CPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Triloki Ram, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 95 Lacs.

Triveni Narayan Jaiswal, a member of the Adhunik Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Turab Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uday Pal Singh, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Uday Prakash, a member of the Janta Raj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ugrasen Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umar Khan, a member of the Nagrik Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Chandra Katiyar, a member of the Al-Hind Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Upendra Singh Rajput, a member of the Bharatiya Kisan Parivartan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Upendra Singh Rawat, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Urvashi Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Usha Agarwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Usha Verma, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Usman, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Uttar Kumar Jindal, a member of the Bhartiya Naujawan Inklav Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Varun Gandhi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ved Prakash, a member of the Nationalist Janshakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vidya Prakash Kureel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vidya Shanker Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Bahadur Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Kumar Dubey, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vijay Kumar Mishra, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 177 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Vijay Kumar Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Shankar Pandey, a member of the Lok Gathbandhan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Vijay Singh Baghel, a member of the Rashtriya Shoshit Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikar Ahmad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikas Tripathi, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is illiterate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinay Kumar, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vineet, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar, a member of the Aam Janta Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar, a member of the Andaman & Nicobar Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar Alias Pandit Singh, a member of the SP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Vinod Kumar Nagar, a member of the Rashtriya Bharatiya Jan Jan Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Vinod Kumar Rajbhar, a member of the Suheldev Bhartiya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vinod Kumar Sonkar, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Vinod Sharma, a member of the All Indian Rajiv Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vipin Kumar Mishra, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Vipin Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 89 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vipnesh Shukla, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Virendra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Virendra Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Virendra Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Thou.

Virendra Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishok Kumar Vishwakarma, a member of the Nationalist Janshakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Wajid, a member of the Aam Janta Party (India), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yajpal Singh Rathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yashwant Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Yatendra Singh, a member of the Bahujan Samyak Party (Mission), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Yogesh Dahiya, a member of the AAP Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Yogesh Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Mazdoor Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yogesh Shukla, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yogesh Verma, a member of the BSP Party, with 28 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 86 Lacs.

Zafar Ali Naqvi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Amar Debbarma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kumar Bhaumik, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bijoy Debbarma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brajalal Debnath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brishaketu Debbarma, a member of the Indigenousn Peoples Front Of Tripura Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chitta Ranjan Debbarma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dipti Halam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jayki Murasing, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Chaudhury, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Kabrabam Dhirendra Singha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karnadhan Chakma, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maharaj Kumari Pragya Debburman, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Maman Khan, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 77 Thou.

Narayan Chandra Dey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Chandra Debbarma, a member of the Indigenousn Peoples Front Of Tripura Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabir Debnath, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradip Chakraborty, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pratima Bhoumik, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rebati Tripura, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sankar Prasad Datta, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subal Bhowmik, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subal Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subir Kumar Jamatia, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aashish Ratre, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aatma Ram Sahu, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 48 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aaytu Ram Mandavi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Chakole, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Pali, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Hund.

Amrit Tirkey, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anoop Kumar Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anurag Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kumar Joshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kumar Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Sao, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Asha Devi Poya, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Asharam Ratnakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Ashok Soni, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Atal Shrivastav, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Avishek Ekka, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baidu Ram Kashyap, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Baidya Shekhu Ram Verma, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Baldau Prasad Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Banmali Chhura, a member of the Bharatiya Bahujan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 55 Thou.

Bhojlal Netam, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhojram Banjare, a member of the Rashtriya Jansabha Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhola Ram Sahu, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Biresh Thakur, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Champalal Patel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Bhushan Kanwar, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandradeep Singh Korcho, a member of the Rashtriya Jansabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chhabi Lal Kanwar, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chunni Lal Sahu, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Dauram Satnami, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Deepak Kumar Baij, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Deepak Kumar Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devendar Singh Thakur (Rajput), a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devendra Kumar Patil, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devki Dubey, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Dhanendra Sahu, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dhansing Kosariya, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dr. Gojupal, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Virendra Choudhary, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 34 Lacs.

Dr. Yogita Bajpai, a member of the Sarvodaya Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dujram Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Durgaprasad Thakur, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Farid Mohammad Quraishi, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Geetanjali Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Ghanshyam Jurri, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Gomati, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Guharam Ajgalle, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Guman Singh Poya, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Guru Dada Lokesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hairschandra Teli (Sahu), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harish Kumar Mandwa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harisingh Sidar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Hidar Bhati, a member of the Sarvadharam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hori Lal Anant, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ikram Saifi, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

Indrasen Mogre, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Innocent Kujur, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Jagmohan Bhagwat Kosariya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jai Singh Sidar, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jyoti Bhagat, a member of the Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jyoti Nand Dubey, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Jyotsna Mahant, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamini Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamlesh Kumar Nagarchi, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Thou.

Khel Sai Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

Khilawan Singh Dhruw, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Khilesh Kumar Sahu, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Kranti Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kripashankar Bhagat, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Hund.

Lakhan Lal Dewangan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakhan Ram Chouhan, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laljeet Singh Rathiya, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Lilambar Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Kumar Sahu, a member of the Forward Democratic Labour Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Malik Ram Thakur, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mangalaram Karma, a member of the Akhil Bharat Samagra Kranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish Shrivastav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 88 Thou.

Manoj Gaykwad Chhattisgarhiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mathan Singh Markam, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maya Prajapati, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Mandavi, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Mohan Singh Tekam, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nand Kishore Raj, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narend Nag, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Naresh Bai Jangde, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kumar Dahriya, a member of the Rashtriya Gondvana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naval Kishor Rathiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Navin Gupta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Nitesh Kumar Ratre, a member of the Sunder Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Palsay Uranv, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paneesh Prasad Nag, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Parmit Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Pawan Kumar Nag, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pitambar Lal Nishad, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Pokhraj Meshram, a member of the Bharatiya Prajatantrik Shudh Gandhiwadi Krish Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pooran Lal Chhabariya, a member of the Swabhiman Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Praksh Kumar Uraon, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Dubey, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 76 Lacs.

Pramod Kumar Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

Pratima Chandrakar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Pratima Santosh Washnik, a member of the Republican Paksha (Khoripa) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Praveen Tiwari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pravin Jain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pritesh Pandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kumar Gupta, a member of the Chhattisgarh Swabhiman Manch Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Raj Kumar Yadav, a member of the Bhartiya Panchyat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar Dubey, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 93 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Rajesh Pandey, a member of the Bharat Bhoomi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Raju Khatik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramdayal Uraon, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramdyal Dahariya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramfal Mandrey, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ramkhilawan Dahariya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Ramkrishna Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramkumar Ghatlahare, a member of the Bhartiya Lokmat Rashtrwadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramnath Cherwa, a member of the Shoshit Samaj Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramu Ram Mourya, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravindra Shekhar Bharadwaj, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Ravishankar Sidar, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravita Lakra (Dhruv), a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 23 Thou.

Renuka Singh Saruta, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Rohit Kumar Kosre, a member of the Rashtriya Jansabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rupesh Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachchidanand Kaushik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Salik Ram Jogivansh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sandeep Singh Porte, a member of the Adhikar Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandeep Tiwari, a member of the Bhartiya Sarvjan Hitey Samaj Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sanju Kumar Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Banjare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Santosh Kumar Kaushal, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Santosh Kumar Yadu, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Santosh Pandey, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Santosh Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Seema Ajay, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sevakram Banjare, a member of the Rashtriya Jansabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Shailendra Kumar Banjare, a member of the Shakti Sena (Bharat Desh) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 60 Crore, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Shambhu Sharma, a member of the Bharat Bhoomi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Lal Vardani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shanti Kumar Ratre, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Siddhram Lahare, a member of the Rashtriya Jansabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Sitabai Chouhan, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 66 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sube Singh Dhurva, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudesh Tikam, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Suman Lal Khande, a member of the Rashtriya Jansabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar Markandey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 69 Thou.

Sunil Kumar Soni, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Suresh Kawasi, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tameshwar Sahu, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Tarika Tarangini Uraon, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tarjan Jangde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Tarun Kumar Dadsena, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Tejram Sidar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tressa David, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tuleshwar Markam, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uday Das Ratre, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 52 Lacs.

Umashankar Bhandari, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Urmila Tiwari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uttam Das Gurugosai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vidya Sahu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Baghel, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 87 Lacs.

Vijay Kumar Kurre, a member of the Rashtriya Jansabha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vijay Lakara, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Thou.

Vir Kumar Tigga, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishwanath Singh Porte, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vranda Chouhan, a member of the Chhattisgarh Vikas Ganga Rashtriya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is illiterate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yaman Banjare, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhikhlabhai Vansabhai Khulat, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dayat Manoj Ranchod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 84 Thou.

Delkar Mohanbhai Sanjibhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 70 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Dongarkar Ishwarbhai Gopjibhai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 84 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Halpati Rajeshbhai Bhanabhai, a member of the Navsarjan Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Janathiya Pravinbhai Ladakbhai, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kurada Deepakbhai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patel Ankita Amrutbhai, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Patel Dhirubhai Chhotubhai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Patel Natubhai Gomanbhai, a member of the BJP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 21 Crore.

Tokiya Prabhubhai, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A. Hafeez A. Aziz, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Aadhalrao Shivaji Dattatrey, a member of the SHS Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 29 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Aappa Aaba Lokare, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abbas Chhatriwala, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Kadir Mastan Sayyed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Rais Ahmed Abdul Jabbar, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Rehman Anjaria, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Abdul Samad, a member of the SP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Abhijit Vamanrao Awade-Bichukle, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abhijit Wamanrao -Bichukale, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abusalim Arunhuq Shank, a member of the Rashtriya Ulama Council Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ad. Karande Manisha Manohar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ad. Vikram Uttam Kasabe, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 99 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adakmol Rohidas Ramesh, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adhik Sampat Channe, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Amolik Govind Baburao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Adv. Bhaskar Marotrao Neware, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. K. C. Padavi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Adv. Kokate Manikrao Shivajirao, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 21 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Adv. Kumar Devba Kalel Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Adv. Mahendra Tulshiram Bhingardive, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Adv. Mahesh Gajendragadkar, a member of the Swarna Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 94 Thou.

Adv. Ramesh Devaram Dharmavat, a member of the Peoples Union Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Sachin Bhaskar Jore, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Adv. Sahil Shah, a member of the Bhartiya Manavadhikaar Federal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Sanjay Sharad Gangnaik, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Sharad Bahinaji Kamble, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Ulhas Shalikaram Dupare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Vaibhav Shantaram Ahire, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Vijaya Dilip Bagde, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Vijayanand Shankarrao Shinde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv. Yogesh Dattu Gullapelli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adv.Girish Madan Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aftab Mashwood Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ahemad Rahim Shaikh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aher Sharad Keru, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ahir Hansraj Gangaramji, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Ahmed Shakil Sagir Ahmed Shaikh, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aitawade Vidyasagar Devappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aiyyar Ganesh, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Ajay Baburam Gupta, a member of the Bharat Jan Aadhar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Ajay Dubey, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Ajay Hanumant Londhe, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 79 Thou, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ajay Karamsing Gavit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 78 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Prakash Kurane, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajayshyam Ramlakhan Maurya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajinath Laxman Kevate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ajinkya Aakaram Salunkhe, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajit Namdar Tadvi, a member of the Rastriya Aam Jan Seva Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhtar Shaikh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Akshay Kachru Sanap, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Alamgir Mohammad Khan, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alankruta Abhijeet Awade-Bichukale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ali Ashfaque Ahmed, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Altaf Ahmed, a member of the IUML Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ambadas Shamrao Wankhade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ambedkar Prakash Yashwant, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amberkar Pandharinath Vidyadhar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amol Alias Yabes S. Tujare, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amol Ashokrao Jadhav, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Amol Jayraj Shinde, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amol Ramsing Kolhe, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Amrish Raj Morajkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Amruta Abhijit Apte, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anand Prakash Paranjpe, a member of the NCP Party, with 11 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Anand Prakash Vanjape, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Ananda Ramesh Thorawade, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Anandrao Vasantrao Sarnaik (Fouji Bapu), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Lacs.

Anandrao Vithoba Adsul, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Lacs.

Anant Gangaram Geete, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Anant Prabhakar Mahajan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ananta Datta Puri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Andrew John Fernandes, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Anna, a member of the Loksangram Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Anil Hebbar Koni, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Anil Jayram Rathod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Anil Mahadeo Dhone, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Anil Namdevrao Jamnekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Anil Ramdas Jadhav, a member of the Baliraja Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anita Kiran Patole, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anita Lalchand Khandade (Rajput), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Anjali Ratnakar Baviskar, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Ankit Mohan Chandak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ankush Ramchandra Karande, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Ankushrao Shivajirao Patil, a member of the Rashtriya Maratha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Annasaheb Devidasrao Ugale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Annasaheb Ramchandra Rathod, a member of the Bhartiya Bahujan Kranti Dal Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Hund.

Annaso Sukhadev Maske, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ansari Mumtaz Abdul Sattar, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anturlikar Sushil Suresh, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Anwar Khan Mirza Khan, a member of the IND Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Appasaheb Navnath Palve, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Archana Chandrakumar Ukey, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arjun (Dada) Salgar, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Arjunsing Diwansing Vasave, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arora Surinder Mohan, a member of the Bharat Jan Aadhar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 33 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Arun Chintaman Chavhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 58 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Damodar Savant, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kankar Wankhede, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Arun Manohar Thakare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Motiramji Wankhade, a member of the BSP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Crore, liabilities amounting to 66 Lacs.

Arun Ramrao Sontakke, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aruna Mohan Mali, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Kisanrao Kamble, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Nanaji Raut, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Arvind Sawant, a member of the Shiv Sena (Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Shamrao Lillore, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aryanraje Kisanrao Shinde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asadkhan Mohammedkhan, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Anaji Wakchaure, a member of the IND Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Bhagoji Thorat, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Daulatsing Padvi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ashok Jadhav, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Ashok Jagdish Jadhav, a member of the Rashtriya Maratha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Mahadevrao Nete, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ashok Shankarrao Chavan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ashokrao Shankarrao Chavan, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Asim Ali, a member of the Minorities Democratic Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Thou.

Aslam Badshahaji Sayyad, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Asmita Pushkar Puranik, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Autade Vilas Keshavrao, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Avinash Vasant Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aware Siddheshwar Bharat, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Babaji Balaram Patil, a member of the NCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Baban Sopan Thoke, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baddy Hemantkumar Reddy, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Bajarang Manohar Sonwane, a member of the NCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 84 Lacs.

Bajirao Sadashiv Naik, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Bajrang Digambar Sonwane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Thou.

Balaram Vitthal Mhatre, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balasaheb Jagannath Sable, a member of the Bhartiya Manavadhikaar Federal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Balasaheb Jaysingh Ghadage, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Balasaheb Misal Patil, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Baliram Bhagwan Siraskar, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Baliram Sukur Jadhav, a member of the Bahujan Vikas Aaghadi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balkrushna Dhanaji Gharat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bandu Ramchandra Meshram, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bansi Bhaurao Satpute, a member of the CPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Bapu Kelu Barde, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bapu Paraji Randhir, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bhagvatidan Karnidan Gadhavi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhaktraj Raghunath Thigale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Bhamre Subhash Shankar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Bharti Pawar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Bhaskar Fakira Patole, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhaskar Mohan Goud, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Lacs.

Bhau Ramchandra Aadagale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Thou.

Bhavana Pundlikrao Gawali, a member of the SHS Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Lacs.

Bhikuram Kashiram Palkar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Bhimrao Duryodhan Borkar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Bhinge Yashpal Narsinghrao, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Bhondave Tai Maruti, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Bhonsle Shrimant Chhatrapati Udayanraje Pratapasinh Maharaj, a member of the NCP Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 199 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Bobade Sakharam Gyanba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Borage Shankar Haribhau, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Bramhadev Rambakshi Pandey, a member of the Sarvodaya Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Thou.

Bramhakumari Pramilaben, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Ekata Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandrabhan Baliram Ramteke, a member of the Rashtriya Jansurajya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Chandrakant Mote, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Chandrakant Parmeshwar Sawant, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Chandrashekhar Sharma, a member of the Bhartiya Manavadhikaar Federal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Charulata Khajansing Tokas, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chavan Sampat Ramsing, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Chhannu Sahadewrao Sontakkey, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Chhaya Prabhakar Solanke, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Chhaya Sunil Tiwari, a member of the Janata Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Chikhalikar Pratap Govindrao, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Chincholikar Jayant Eknath, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 74 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Comrade Yogesh Krishnarao Thakare, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D. D. Wani [Photographer], a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Dadasaheb Pawar, a member of the Rashtriya Maratha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dalvi Raju Sahebrao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 51 Thou.

Dandge Sukhadev Chandu, a member of the Ambedkarite Party Of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Danve Raosaheb Dadarao, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Dashrath Nana Raut, a member of the Bharatiya Praja Surajya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dashrath Pandurang Madavi, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Dattaram Jayram Karbat, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dattatray Pandit Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Thou.

Dattatraya Appa Waghmode, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dattatrya Bhanudas Khatke Alias Bandunana Khatke, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dattu Barde, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dattu Prabhakar Karanjikar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Daulat Umaji Shitole, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Crore.

Dayanand Jagnnath Sohani, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dayanand Maruti Kamble, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Deepak Bhagoji Kamble, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Digambar Shinde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Deepak Mahadev Tate, a member of the Bhapase Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Shantaram Watvisave, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Deora Milind, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Deorao Monba Nannaware, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Devidas Piraji Sarkate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devidas Santuji Lanjewar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devji Gangaram Asole, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devram Zipar Kurkute, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhairyashil Sambhajirao Mane, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Dhananjay Anil Bhawsar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Dhananjay Mahadik, a member of the NCP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 66 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Crore.

Dhanorkar Suresh Narayan, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Dhanraj Kotiram Vanjari, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhanraj Mahale, a member of the NCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dharmendra Shriram Pal, a member of the Rashtravadi Kranti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhiraj Motilal Batade, a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 22 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhiraj Prakash Choradiya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Digambar Yalappa Bansode, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dikshita Anand Tembhurne, a member of the Desh Janhit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 98 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilip Bhaidas Patil, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilip Prabhakar Aloni, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Jan Sangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilip Ramchandra Jadhav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dilip Shreerang Jagtap, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dinesh Punamchand Koli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinkar Rangnath Palake, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinkar Tukaram Sambare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dipak Khandu Amrutkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dipak Laxmanrao Maske, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Thou.

Dipali Lalaji Misal, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Dnyaneshwar Baliram Dhekale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dnyaneshwar Kashirao Mankar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dnyaneshwar Laxamnrao Wakudkar, a member of the Lokjagar Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dr. Akshay Anant Zodge, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dr. Anil Kumar Choudhari, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Dr. Balasaheb Arjun Pol, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dr. Dhanve Datta Maroti, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Manisha Bangar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Dr. Natawadkar Suhas Jayant, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 59 Lacs.

Dr. Nitin Udal Bhat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Nooruddin Nizam Ansari, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Raies Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Rajendra Bhaskarrav Shingne, a member of the NCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Dr. Rajiv Agrawal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Dr. Shivaji Pandharinath Oman, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Dr. Shrikant Eknath Shinde, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Dr. Somnath Arjun Pol, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dr. Sunil Sampat Chawale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Dr. Suresh Abhiman Gawai, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Dr. Vijaya Rajesh Nandurkar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Dr. Vinod Kashiram Badole, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Sarvadharma Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dr.Appasaheb Onkar Kadam, a member of the Swatantra Bharat Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Dr.Prashant Dnyaneshwar Gangavane, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 95 Thou.

Dr.Ulhas Vasudeo Patil, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Dr.Vaijnath Sitaram Phad, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Dr.Vasant Raghunath Munde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dundappa Kundappa Shrikant Sir, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dutt Priya Sunil, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 96 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Eknath Mahadev Gaikwad, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 79, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Engineer Navid Betab, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 51 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Farukh Ismail Shaikh, a member of the Bharatiya Praja Surajya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Fateh Mohammad Mansoori Shaikh, a member of the Bhartiya Lokmat Rashtrwadi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Feroz Abdurrahim Shaikh, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Feroz Abdurrahim Shaikh, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Feroz Ali, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Fulare Suresh Asaram, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Gade Vinod Milind, a member of the Ambedkarist Republican Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Gadhave Pravin Rameshwarrao, a member of the Ambedkarist Republican Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Gajanan Chandrakant Kirtikar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Gajanan Haribhau Bhalerao, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 83 Thou.

Gajanan Onkar Harne, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gajanan Uttam Shantabai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gajbhiye Pramod Hiraman, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gajendra Parshuram Turbadkar, a member of the Kranti Kari Jai Hind Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Galebkhan Jabbarkhan Pathan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh Kisanrao Lade, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh Navnathrao Karande, a member of the Maharashtra Kranti Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh Shankar Chandode, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Sena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gangadhar Nathu Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Ganpat Machindra More, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Gaurav Damodar Surwade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam Baburao Waghchaure, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who is illiterate, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam Ganpat Nagrale, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Gautam Shriram Wasnik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gavit Jiva, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Gavit Rajendra Dhedya, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Ghag Sanjay Arjun, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Ghare Mohan Damodar, a member of the Baliraja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Girish Bhalchandra Bapat, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Godfrey Washington Noble, a member of the Desiya Makkal Sakthi Katchi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Gopal Chinnaya Shetty, a member of the BJP Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Gopalkumar Ganeshu Kashyap, a member of the Chhattisgarh Swabhiman Manch Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gopichand Kundlik Padalkar, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Thou.

Gore Netaji Nagnathrao, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Govind Ramrao Deshmukh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gulabrao Baburao Deokar, a member of the NCP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Lacs.

Gunavant Deopare, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 35 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Crore.

Habib Gayas Shaikh, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Thou.

Habibur Rehaman Obbadur Khan, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hamir Vinjuda, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Haresh Sambhaji Bramhane, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harichandra Nagoji Mangam, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harishankar Yadav, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Thou, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Harishchandra Dattu Patil, a member of the Sangharsh Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Harshwardhandada Raibhanji Jadhav, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Heena Vijaykumar Gavit, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Hemant Baburao Kolekar Patil, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Hemant Baburao Kolekar Patil Alias Hemant Patil, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Hemant Kisan Patil, a member of the Sanatan Sanskriti Raksha Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Hemant Tukaram Godse, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Hidayatulla Barakatulla Patel, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Himmat Pandurang Koli, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Imran Mustafa Khan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

Imtiaz Jaleel Syed, a member of the AIMIM Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 68 Lacs.

Iqbal Ahamad Mohammed Rafiq, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Irfan Ahmed Shaikh, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Irfan Mo Isahak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ishwar Dayaram More, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Jadhav Anil Narayan, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jadhav Sanjay (Bandu) Haribhau, a member of the Shiv Sena (Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray) Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Jafar Khursid Choudhari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Jafarullah Gulam Rab Sayyad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Jagan Baburao Salve, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jagannath Nivrutti Munde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Jagdish Shamrao Sonawane, a member of the Kranti Kari Jai Hind Sena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdish Uddhavrao Wankhede, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagtap Nilesh Murlidhar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jaiswal Virendrakumar Kasturchand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Jamir Bashir Shaikh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jatin Rangrao Harne, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Javed Shabbir Sayyed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jawale Soniya Ramnath, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Jaya Balu Rajkundal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jaya Sanjay Patil, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayashri Minesh Shah, a member of the Bhartiya Manavadhikaar Federal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Jaywanta Vishwambhar Wanole, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Kumar Nanku Pal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 65 Thou, liabilities amounting to 39 Thou.

Johnson Vasant Kolhapure, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Joy Nagesh Bhosale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Juber Munshi Kureshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kadam Shrirang Uttomrao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kagadi Jamirkhan Afzal, a member of the BSP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

Kalchuri Nilesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalidas Pandharinath Aapet, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Kaliram Bahiru Popalghat, a member of the Bhartiya Navjawan Sena (Paksha) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 58 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalyan Bhanudas Gurav, a member of the Bharatiya Praja Surajya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamal Dashrath Sawant, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Kamant Machindra Gunaji, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Kamble Bhanudas Chokhoba, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kamble Bhausaheb Malhari, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Kamble Trishala Milind, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kamble Vishwas Ananda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanchan Rahul Kul, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Kanteshwar Khushalji Tumane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kapil Jayhind Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Kapil Moreshwar Patil, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Crore, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

Kapil Yashwant Dhamane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kartik Gendalal Doke, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kasmi Kamal Hashim Mohammad Aajmi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kedar Sindhubai Ravindra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Khadse Raksha Nikhil, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Khaire Chandrakant, a member of the SHS Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Khan Aejaz Ahemad, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Khan Majhar Habib, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Kiran Premkumar Rodge, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kisan Keraba Katkar, a member of the Baliraja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kishor Baburao Munnemanik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kishor Limbaji Rokade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Kishor Namdeo Gaware, a member of the Bharatiya Praja Surajya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kishor Rajaram Panhalkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 76 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kishor Rambhauji Kinkar, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Kishor Sidu Varak, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Kishore Uttamrao Gajbhiye, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kolekar Ganesh Bhausaheb, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Koli Ananda Sukalal, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Krishna Thoga Gavit, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 49 Lacs.

Krupal Balaji Tumane, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Krupal Paluskar, a member of the Prabuddha Republican Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kshirsagar Kanchan Devdas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ku. Nitesh Raghunath Jadhav, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunal Rohidas Patil, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 42 Crore, liabilities amounting to 58 Crore.

Kunjbihari Jugalkishor Agrawal, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Kurangal Sanjay Baburao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Kurwade Meenakshi Someshwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Lalit Gaurishankar Sharma (Bunty), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laxman Jyotik Kanhekar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madan Banwarilal Agrawal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Madan Shivaji Patil, a member of the Bharatiya Praja Surajya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madan Vajir Sardar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhavilata Dineshkumar Maurya, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 84 Lacs.

Madhavrao Sambhaji Gaikwad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhukar Bansi Magare, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 92 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Madhukar Mahadev Khamkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhukar Sambhaji Kamble, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhukar Sopan Patil, a member of the Hindustan Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhukar Vithal Nistane, a member of the Proutist Bloc, India Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Mahadev Jagannath Jagadale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 88 Thou.

Mahamad Jakir Abdul Kadar, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Kacharu Sonwane, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Mahesh Prakashrao Talegaonkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Mallikarjun Saybanna Pujari, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 47 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mane Arvind Bhiva, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Mane Suresh Tatoba, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mangesh Nilkanth Vanshiv, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish Dattatray Wadje, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 65 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Manohar Alias Sagar Pundlikrao Dabrase, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manoj Kishorbhai Kotak, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Manoj Kothuji Bawane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Manojkumar Jayprakash Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Maqbul Ahmed A.Habib, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maraskolhe Bhojraj Isulal, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Marotrao Kanhobarao Hukke Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 48 Thou.

Maruti Ramchandra Joshi, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maruti Shivram Keskar, a member of the Bahujan Azad Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mehendi Iqbal Hasan Sayyed, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Meraj Bi Husain Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mevati Heena Yusufbhai, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Milind Bhaguram Salvi, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Milind Kamble, a member of the Bharat Jan Aadhar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Milind Kashinath Kamble, a member of the Bharat Jan Aadhar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Milind Pralhad Dahiwale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Milind Shankar Repe, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 71 Lacs.

Mitesh Varshney, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mo. Ismail Ansari, a member of the Bharatiya Minorities Suraksha Mahasangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Mohammad Azad Ansari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Mohammad Hayat Mohammad Husain Shaikh, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mohammad Jamal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Mehmood Syed Shah, a member of the All India Minorities Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mohammad Mohasin, a member of the Navbharat Nirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Rizwan Mohammed Akbar, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Anandrao Waghmare, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Fattusing Rathod, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Mohan Ramkisan Joshi, a member of the INC Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Mohan Shankar Birhade, a member of the Rashtriya Samajwadi Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Vishnu Raut, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Mohd. Yahiya Siddique, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd. Yusuf Mohd. Farook Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohommad Mobin Shaikh, a member of the Peace Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mujeeb Naimoddin Inamdar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 56 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Rajesh Kuril, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 38 Thou.

Mulla Mushtak Ajij, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 99 Thou, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Munafar Jainubhidin Choudhary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Munir Ahmad Ansari, a member of the IUML Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Murlidhar Lalsingh Pawar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nabi Ahamad Ahmadulla, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nade Dnyaneshwar Dagduji, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nafis Ahamad Ansari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Nalage Ananda Shankar, a member of the Baliraja Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Namdeo Dalluji Usendi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Namdeo Keshao Kinnake, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Namdeo Shedmake, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Nana Jairam, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Nanabhau Falgunrao Patole, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Nanasaheb Ramhari Yadav, a member of the Bharatiya Praja Surajya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Nandkishor Ramaji Sagar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Nandkumar Jagannath Chavhan, a member of the Rashtriya Jansena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nandu Sambhaji More, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Nanhe Karu Nagoji, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Narayan Chandar Mulik, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Narayan Dasharath Gavas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Narendra Annasaheb Patil, a member of the SHS Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Narendra Babulal Kathane, a member of the Rashtriya Jansurajya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Vaman More, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Mahadev Ghughane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Nasim Khan Rauf Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nathuram Bhaguram Hate, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Natthu Madhav Lokhande, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Navinchandra Bhalchandra Bandivadekar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Navnath Bhimrao Patil, a member of the Hindusthan Praja Paksha Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 93 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Navnath Vishwanath Dudhal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Navneet Ravi Rana, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Crore.

Nazmin Shaikh Ramjan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Niharika Prakashchandra Khondalay, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Thou.

Nikhil Umesh Zingade, a member of the Bharatiya Praja Surajya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Nilesh Anandrao Patil, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nilesh Bhikaji Bhatade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nilesh Narayan Rane, a member of the Maharashtra Swabhimaan Paksh Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Crore.

Nilesh Ramchandra Kudtarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 90 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nilima Nitin Bhatkar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Nisar Ahemad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nitesh Anandrao Dongre, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nitin Baburao Khare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nitin Jairam Gadkari, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Nitin Muralidhar Kuchekar, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 97 Lacs.

Nitin Pralhad Kandelkar, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Noorali Maheboob Ali Shah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nooruddin Aftab Azimuddin Sayyed, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Nutan Singh, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 68 Thou.

Omkar Nath Tiwari, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Omprakash Bhupalsinh Alias Pavan Rajenimbalkar, a member of the Shiv Sena (Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray) Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Omprakash Shrilal Pal, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Onkaraba Chensing Jadhav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ovhal Rahul Raghunath, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Padalkar Navanath Vishnu, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Panchshila Vijay Mohod, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Pandey Harshvardhan Ramsuresh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 54 Lacs.

Pandharinath Chaitram More, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pandharinath Namdeo Patil, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pandit Damodhar Khande, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 42 Thou.

Panjabrao Mahadev Patil, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Pankaj Liladhar Meshram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Papita Raosaheb Randive, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Parashram Bhaosing Ade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Paresh Dattatray Bhosale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parth Ajit Pawar, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Pathan Musakhan Yunuskhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Thou.

Pathan Sarfarzkhan Mahetabkhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 51 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patil Hemant Shriram, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Patil Raghunath Ramchandra, a member of the IND Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Patil Sanjay Dina, a member of the NCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Patil Vishal Prakashrao, a member of the Swabhimani Paksha Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Patil Yashashri Pramod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Patle Rajendra Sahasram, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 75 Lacs.

Patrakar P Sattar Khan Kasim Kha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pavan Chandrakant Pawar, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 90 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawan Kumar Pandey, a member of the Sarvodaya Bharat Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Pawar Ramesh Gorsing, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Phulsure Vishwanth Sadashiv, a member of the Kranti Kari Jai Hind Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pinjari Jainuddin Husain, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Pokharkar Vinod Laxman, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Poonam Vajendla Rao, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhakar Anant Jadhav, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhakar Krushnaji Satpaise, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Prabhakar Tarapado Sadhu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradip Sunil Sarode, a member of the IND Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prafulla Manikchand Bhange, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Prakash Bhivaji Mahadik, a member of the Bhartiya Navjawan Sena (Paksha) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prakash Giridhar Kanoje, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Prakash Kacharu Aaher, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Prakash Sakharam Kalke, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prakash Vitthalrao Ghunnar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Pramod Baburao Kharat, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pramod Laxman Meshram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Prashant Ganpat Deshmukh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pratap Pandharinath Patil, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prataprao Ganpatrao Jadhav, a member of the SHS Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Pravin Chandrakant Kaurpuriya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pravin Chandrakant Kedare, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pravin Govind Pawar, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Pravin Mahadeo Sarode, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Premasai Maharaj, a member of the IND Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pritam Gopinathrao Munde, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Priyanka Ramrao Shirole, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prof. Dr. Ohal Arjun Gena, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Prof. Nalawade Hanmant Mahadeo, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Pundlik Baliram Rathod, a member of the Sanman Rajkiya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Purushottam Domaji Bhajghaware, a member of the Rashtriya Bahujan Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raeesa Shakil Shaikh, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Rahul Narayan Bansode, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rahul Ramesh Shewale, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 77 Lacs.

Rahul Vishwas Joshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Rahulbhau Laxmanrao Mohod, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Rajan Baburao Vichare, a member of the Shiv Sena (Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray) Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Rajan Ramchandra Kshirsagar, a member of the CPI Party, with 15 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Rajaram Narayan Patil, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rajendra Balaso Koli (Galatage), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Krishnarao Hajare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Maruti Kate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Namdev Kavthekar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 49 Lacs.

Rajendra Shriramji Mahadole, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 69 Lacs.

Rajesh .B. Dayal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Bhauraoji Raut, a member of the Gondvana Gantantra Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Rajesh Bhavsar, a member of the Bhartiya Manavadhikaar Federal Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 69 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Dilipkumar Jadhav, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Marotrao Balpande, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Sidhanna Kamble, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Surendrakumar Agarwal, a member of the Hamari Apni Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Rajesh Uttamrao Vitekar, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Rajeshchanna Baijnath Jaiswar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Rajeshkumar Annasaheb Bhadgale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 67 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Ashok Gawali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Bakshi Jamnekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Raju Damu Lade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Mujikrao Shetty, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Shamraoji Mankar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Prabhakar Chavan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Rakesh Prabhakar Chavan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Rakesh Sambhaji Raul, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramchandra Kachave, a member of the Kranti Kari Jai Hind Sena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramchandra Mayyappa Ghutukade, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramdas Chandrabhanji Tadas, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 89 Lacs.

Ramdas Mane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Ramesh Kumar Shrivastav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Nivrati Kambale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Ramkisan Gavhane, a member of the Dalit Soshit Pichhara Varg Adhikar Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rameshkumar Baburaoji Gajbe, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Ramnath Gahininath Golhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Ramrao Garkar, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ramrao Sawai Pawar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ranajagjitsinha Padmasinh Patil, a member of the NCP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 41 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Ranjeetsinha Hindurao Naik Nimbalkar, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 127 Crore, liabilities amounting to 89 Crore.

Ranjit Bajrangi Tiwari, a member of the Naitik Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjit Gangadharrao Deshmukh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ratan Aasaram Landge, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi Sampatrao Jadhao, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravindra Abhimanyu Kene, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Ravindra Bansiram Mahapure, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravindra Bhanudas Kale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rekha Suresh Desai, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rohit More, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Roshan Aara Sadique Ali, a member of the IUML Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Ruben Domnik Francis, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rupesh Shamrao Shanke, a member of the Swatantra Bharat Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Thou.

Sachin Dnyaneshwar Padalkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachin Ganpatlal Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Sachin Haridas Somkuwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sachin Jagorao Patil, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachin Sadashiv Gawande, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sadashiv Kisan Lokhande, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sadek Muniroddin Shaikh, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sagar Nivrutti Kale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sagar Sharad Bhise, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Sahdev Kerappa Aiwale, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sahil Balchand Turkar, a member of the Bhartiya Manvadhikaar Federal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sai Shrivastav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sainath Bhausaheb Ghorpade, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Sajan Raees Chaodhri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Salim Kasam Pinjari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Salim Shah Suleman Shah, a member of the IND Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samaysingh Anand Chanda Liya, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Sameer Arunrao Deshpande, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 87, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Sameer Magan Bhujbal, a member of the NCP Party, with 16 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 65 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Crore.

Sampat Khandu Samindar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samshad Anwar Ansari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

Sancheti Rupesh Parasmal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Sandeep Bhairavnath Kogale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sandeep Gundopant Sankpal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sandesh Bhioram Bhalekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandesh Ramchandra Chavan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandip Abhimanyu Valvi, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 81 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandip Janaradhan Kharat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Sandip Laxman Sakat, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandip Nikhate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandip Vitthal Pol, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sangita Kalyanrao Nirmal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Thou.

Sangita Kalyanrao Nirmal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Thou.

Sangram Arunkaka Jagtap, a member of the NCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Sangramsinh Jaysingrao Gaikwad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Baba Bansode, a member of the Bhartiya Bahujan Kranti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sanjay Baburao Jadhav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sanjay Chandrabahadur Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Sanjay Dagdu Sawant, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Ganapat Wagh, a member of the Bhartiya Tribal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Ghanshyam Agrawal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sanjay Hiramanji Athwale, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sanjay Kisan Kanade, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Sanjay Laxman Padwal, a member of the Bhartiya Navjawan Sena (Paksha) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Laxman Sukhdan, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 88 Lacs.

Sanjay Laxman Tambda, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Nirupam, a member of the INC Party, with 11 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 83 Lacs.

Sanjay Rama Kohkera, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Ramrao Hedaoo, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Sanjay Sadashivrao Mandlik, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sanjay Shamrao Dhotre, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sanjay Shinde, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to 15 Thou.

Sanjay Sukhdev Ghodke, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Sanjay Sushil Bhosale, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 125 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Crore.

Sanjay Vishwanath Sakpal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Yashwant Aparanti, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjaykaka Patil, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Sanjaymama Vittalrao Shinde, a member of the NCP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 49 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Crore.

Sanjiv Baban Bhor, a member of the IND Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Sant Shri Mahahansaji Maharaj Patil, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Balasaheb Bichukale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Santosh Bhikaji Bhalerao, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Santosh Govind Rathod, a member of the Bhartiya Bahujan Kranti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Santosh Maroti Boinwad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Shrivastav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sapkal Lilabai Dharma, a member of the Rashtriya Mahila Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Vitthal Nikhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Sau. Pravina Laxman Bhatkar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Savita Ankush Aiwle, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Savita Bhimrao Kadale, a member of the Hindustan Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sayed Mujammil Sayed Jamil, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sayyad Minhaj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sayyad Raj Faiyaz, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Sayyad Sultan Ladkhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shahadev Mahadev Palve, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shahajahan Paigmber Shaikh, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shahajirao Dhondiba Thorat, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Shahejad Samiullah Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shahenaz Begam Mo.Siraj Khan, a member of the Rashtriya Ulama Council Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 96 Thou.

Shahid Farukh Shaikh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shahin Parveen Shakil Ahamad Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaikh Abid Mohammad Hanif, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Shaikh Javed Shaikh Mushtaq, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaikh Khaja Shaikh Kasim Kismatwala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shaikh Nadim Shaikh Karim, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaikh Sadek Shaikh Ibrahim, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shaikh Salim Shaikh Ibrahim, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaikh Yashed Shaikh Tayyab, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 94 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailendra Veer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shailesh Sambhaji Janbandhu, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaileshkumar Premkishorji Agrawal, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Shakuntala Kushalkar, a member of the Prabuddha Republican Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Shankar Bhaga Badade, a member of the Marxist Leninist Party of India (Red Flag), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 81 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Martand Mane, a member of the BSP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Pandurang Gaikwad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Sonawane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sharad Damu Dhanrao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sharad Gorakh Bhamre (Sutar), a member of the Rashtriya Janshakti Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sharadchandra Ganpatrao Wankhede, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shashikant Kundlik Kadam, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Shashikant Rajaram Desai, a member of the Hamari Apni Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sheetal Bharat Sasane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shehbaj Rathod, a member of the Jai Maha Bharath Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shetty Raju Anna, a member of the Swabhimani Paksha Party, with 15 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Shinde Chandraprakash Ganpatrao, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiva Krishnamurthy Iyer, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivaji Naraynrao Kawathekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Shivaji Rambhau Nandkhile, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Shivaji Uttamrao Pawar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Shivanand Ashokrao Deshmukh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivnath Vithoba Kasar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shr. Deepak Pandharinath Khambekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Ambedkar Prakash Yashwant, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Ashok Bhagavan Ughade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Bhise Krishna Nagnath, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Shri Gaydhankar Vishnu Shidram, a member of the Bharatiya Praja Surajya Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 56 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Khandare Sudarshan Raychand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Shri Maske Shrimant Murlidhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shri Patole Malhari Gulab, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shri Shinde Sushilkumar Sambhajirao, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 38 Crore, liabilities amounting to 47 Lacs.

Shri. Sha. Bra. Dr. Jay Siddeshwar Shivachrya Mahaswamiji, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shridhar Jakhuji Darekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shridhar Narayan Salve, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shrikant Nivrutti Chabukswar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Shrikant Suburao Shinde, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shrikant Ulhas Raibole, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shrirang Chandu Barne, a member of the SHS Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 102 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Shrivenkateswar Maha Swamiji (Katakdhond. D. G.), a member of the Hindustan Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at nan, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Shubhangi Vidyasagar Chavan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Siddharth Abaso Nagaratna, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Siddharth Asaram Kurve, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Siddharthkumar Digambarrao Suryawanshi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Sim Khirid, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

Simpal Rajkumar Rathod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sirsath Sham, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sitaram Bhaga Wagh, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sneha Ravindra Kurhade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Somnath Hiraman Mali, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 56 Thou, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Sonali Ashok Gangavane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sonali Ravindra Bagde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sonali Thorat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Thou.

Sonkamble Gajanan Tukaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sonone Raju Mahadeo, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Ashokrao Ambhore (Dudhgaonkar), a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Dada Tribhuwan, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Subhash Dharmdas Gajbhiye, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Janardan Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Kashiba Wankhede, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Kisanrao Patil, a member of the Maharashtra Swabhimaan Paksh Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 48 Lacs.

Subhash Maroti Wankhede, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Subhash Nagorao Wankhede, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Subhash Parasram Wankhede, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Passi, a member of the SP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 64 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Subhash Ramrao Bhamre, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Subhash Shivlal Khairnar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Vitthal Wankhede, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhashchandra Ratandeo Jha, a member of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sudhakar Laxman Avhad, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Sudhakar Narayan Shinde, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudhakar Tukaram Shrangare, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 28 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Sudhir Shridhar Deshmukh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Suhas Anil Funde, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suhas Dhananjay Bonde, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Suhas Dhananjay Bonde, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Suhas Popat Gajarmal, a member of the Rashtriya Janshakti Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Hund, liabilities amounting to 22 Thou.

Sujay Radhakrishna Vikhe, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 16 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Suman Bhaskar Koli, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sumit Vijay Pande, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Sundar Baburao Padmuk, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Baban Gaikwad, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Sunil Baburao Mendhe, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sunil Dashrath Ingole, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Gunda Jadhav, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sunil Manohar Sonsale, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Pandurang Tatkare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Sakharam Tatkare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sunil Suryabhan Kawade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Sunil Uttamrao Thorat, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Supekar Dnyandeo Narhari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Supriya Sadanand Sule, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 140 Crore, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Suraj Ashokrao Khandare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Surendrakumar Jain, a member of the Naitik Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Arjun Padavi, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Baburao Veer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Suresh Eknath Jagdhane, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Kumar Gautam, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Suresh Shripati Taur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Suresh Sundar Shetty, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Sushil Wasnik, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Sushma Motilal Maurya, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Swapnil Mahadev Koli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Tadvi Ayyub Khan Razzaque Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Taher Sattar Khatik, a member of the Rashtriya Maratha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Tatkare Sunil Dattatray, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Tawar Vijay Jagan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Taware Suresh Kashinath, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 32 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Thakre Manikrao Govindrao, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Tikaram Bagul, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tribhuvan Madhukar Padmakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Trimabak Baburao Jadhav, a member of the Swatantra Bharat Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Tukaram Dasrao Gangawane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Tukaram Vyankati Chate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uday Rambhauji Borkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Ulhas Mugut Chormale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umesh Sadashiv Neware, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Thou.

Unmesh Bhaiyyasaheb Patil, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Urmila Shrikant Matondkar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 68 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Usman Moosa Shaikh, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Uttam Bhagaji Kamble, a member of the Prabuddha Republican Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uttam Bhagaji Kamble, a member of the Prabuddha Republican Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uttam Dhanu Rathod, a member of the Aasra Lokmanch Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Uttam Dhanu Rathod, a member of the Aasra Lokmanch Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Uttam Maroti Dhabe, a member of the Akhand Hind Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uttam Pandurang Shinde, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uttamrao Pandurangrao Rathod, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 95 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vahida Shahenu Shaikh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Vaishali Sudhakar Yede, a member of the Prahar Janshakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Thou.

Vanita Jitendra Raut, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Manavata Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Thou.

Vansh Bahadur Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Varsha Shivajirao Devsarkar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 39 Lacs.

Vasim Ali Nazir Ali Sayyed, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Veer Shesherao Chokhoba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Banwarilal Masani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Vijay Bhagwan Chougule, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vijay Dnyanoba Ghate, a member of the Republican Bahujan Sena Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Vijay Hanumant Randil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vijay Janardan Shiktode, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Marothi Koyale, a member of the Rashtriya Maratha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vijay Rangnath Salve, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Yashvant Vilhekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vijaynath Ramchandra Chandere, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vijayraj Balasaheb Mane Deshmukh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Vijayrao More, a member of the Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 78, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Vijendra Kumar Rai, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Vikas Maruti Rokade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 11 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikas Prakash Nandve, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikas Rajaram Aashtul, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 23 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vilas Hiwale, a member of the Marxist Leninist Party of India (Red Flag), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vilas Madhukar Desale (Patil), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vilas Sheshrao Thorat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 19 Thou.

Vinay Dubey, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinayak Bhaurao Raut, a member of the Shiv Sena (Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Vinayak Lavu Raut, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Thou.

Vinod Bhiwaji Patil, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Manohar Salve, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 17 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Narayan Chaugule, a member of the Sanatan Sanskriti Raksha Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Lacs.

Vinod Vasant Chandgude, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Vinod Vasant Shirsath, a member of the Hindustan Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishnu Jadhav, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Vishnu Kakadya Padavi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishvambhar Narayan Kashid, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishvanath Sitaram Gargade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Vitthal Natha Chavan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vitthhal Nanaji Gaikwad, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Wakale Namdeo Arjun, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Wakchaure Bhausaheb Jayram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Wakchaure Bhausaheb Rajaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Wamanrao Ganpatrao Akhare, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Wankhede Subhashrao Bapurao, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 80 Lacs.

Wasant Kisan Paikrao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Yashwant Rambhau Kasbe, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Yasmin Banoo Mohammed Salim, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yoganand Nadar, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Yogendra Viththal Kolate, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Yogesh Kadam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 36 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yogesh Vitthal More, a member of the Bahujan Republican Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Yuvraj Bhimrao Desai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Yuvraj Prakash Bhujbal, a member of the Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Zambad Subhash Manakchand, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Crore.

Zitruji Chandruji Borutkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Dr. M M Thromwa Konyak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hayithung Tungoe, a member of the NPP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K L Chishi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 37 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tokheho Yepthomi, a member of the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Bandey Mili, a member of the JD(S) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

C. C. Singpho, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jarjum Ete, a member of the JD(S) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jomin Nyokir Kara, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Khyoda Apik, a member of the NPP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Crore, liabilities amounting to 75 Lacs.

Kiren Rijiju, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lowangcha Wanglat, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Mongol Yomso, a member of the Peoples Party of Arunachal, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nabam Tuki, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 100 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Crore.

Rumak Jomoh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subu Kechi, a member of the Peoples Party of Arunachal, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tapir Gao, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharat Basnet, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Biraj Adhikari, a member of the Hamro Sikkim Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dek Bahadur Katwal, a member of the SDF Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Dhiraj Kumar Rai, a member of the Sikkim Republican Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Indra Hang Subba, a member of the Sikkim Krantikari Morcha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laten Sherpa, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahendra Thapa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Adhikari, a member of the Sikkim United Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Passang Gyali Sherpa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rabin Rai, a member of the All Indians Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sunmaya Gurung, a member of the Jai Maha Bharath Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A.A. Sabri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aare Ellanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aare Sayanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdallah Ibrahim, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Azeem, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Admala Mahipal Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Aila Prasanna, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aitha Praveen Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akhil Chirravuri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akula Hanmandlu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akula Paul, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alakunta Rajanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aleti Malla Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Aleti Rajareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Aleti Sanjeev Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Alige Jeevan, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 51 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alluri Limba Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is illiterate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Aloori Anil Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ambala Mahendar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anagandula Venkanna, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Andrapu Sudharshan Gangaputra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Andukuri Vijaya Bhaskar, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Angu Poshetty, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil Kumar Gali, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Anjaiah Kondani, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anjan Kumar Yadav, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 24 Lacs.

Anugu Thirumal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Anumula Revanth Reddy, a member of the INC Party, with 42 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Anusha Keshavabhatla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 92 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Armoor Sagar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Arsham Ashok, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Kumar Mypathi, a member of the Telangana Jana Samithi Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asaduddin Owaisi, a member of the AIMIM Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Crore.

Asli Ganesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avutapalli Rambabu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 74 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ayileni Vikram Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 65 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

B Yosef, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

B. Janardhan Reddy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 119 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

B. Srinivas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

B.B.Patil, a member of the TRS Party, with 18 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Baaki Renuka, a member of the National Womens Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baddam Ashok, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Baddam Balaraju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Baddam Devendar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Baddam Indrasena Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Baddam Srinivasa Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Bakkashetti Ganagdhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Bala Kalyan Panja, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balakishna Nalla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Balamani Buru, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balaram Naik Porika, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Balije Laxmirajam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Balsingh Daravath, a member of the Bhartiya Anarakshit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balu Nayak Bhukya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Banala Laxma Reddy, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 52 Lacs.

Bandaru Nagaraju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bandela Venkatarajam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is illiterate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Bandi Sanjay Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Bangaru Krishna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 51 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Banoth Laxma Naik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bapu Rao Soyam, a member of the BJP Party, with 52 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Barla Srinivas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baswaiah Madiga, a member of the Prajaa Swaraaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Bathnathe Shankar, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bathula Ravi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Beeramganti Venkat Ramesh Naidu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who is illiterate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bejjenki Linga Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who is illiterate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Benjamin Raju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Bennala Julee, a member of the National Women Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagavanth Rao Pawar, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Thou.

Bhanu Laxman Pabba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharatesh, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 42 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhaskar Naik Bhukya., a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Bheem Rao, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bheemanaboina Ramesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bochu Krupakar, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Boda Venkat, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Boddu Satish, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 33 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bodugam Narender, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Bollapally Saraiah, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Borranna Gummerla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is illiterate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bunga Jyothi Ramana, a member of the Aihra National Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Byagari Shanthaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 95 Thou.

Chalika Chandra Sekhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Challa Ram Kalyan, a member of the Bhartiya Anarakshit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Challa Vamshi Chand Reddy, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Chamakura Rajaiah, a member of the Social Justice Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Charagonda Krishnamma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chepuri Raju, a member of the Dalita Bahujana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chiluveru Prathap, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chinnaiah Mukkera, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Chintalapelly Gangareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Chintha Anil Kumar, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chintha Sambamurthy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Chinthalapally Raghupathi Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

D Thimmappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

D. K. Aruna, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 78 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Dabba Raja Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dayakar Pasnori, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Devaki Vasudeva Rao, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Devanna Pindi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who is illiterate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharavth Narendhar, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharmapuri Arvind, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 87 Crore, liabilities amounting to 33 Crore.

Dharmasanam Bhanumurthy, a member of the Praja Satta Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Doda Mutta Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Donthula Bikshapathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dornala Jaya Prakash, a member of the New India Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dornala Jaya Prakash, a member of the New India Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dr Mallu Ravi, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dr. Agama Chandrashekar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Dr. Narsaiah Boora, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Dr.Gaddam Ranjith Reddy, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 163 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Crore.

Dr.Hingolikar Susheel Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Dunuku Veladri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Durgam. Rajanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Durvasa Reddy Pakala, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Edamala Ravinder Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Eleti Laxmareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Enugu Mallesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is illiterate, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ergamreddy Shivadurgavaraprasad Reddy, a member of the Indian Rakshaka Nayakudu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Erugurala Bhagya Laxmi, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ettedi Saireddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Farah Naaz Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 86 Thou.

G . Laxminarsimha Rao, a member of the Telangana Prajala Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

G. Ravi Kumar Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 91 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaddala Vinay Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Gaddam Gangareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is illiterate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gaddam Mohan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Gaddam Purushotham, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gaddam Rajendharreddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaddam Rajeshwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is illiterate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaddam Suman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaddam Vijay Kumar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 44 Thou.

Gadepalli Prthviraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gadepally Ramesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Gadkole Chinna Gangareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gadkolu Ramesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is illiterate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gajabinkar Bansilal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Gajjala Sai Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is illiterate, assets valued at 9 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganga Reddy Kallem, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Ganga Reddy Peesu Peesu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gangadhar Andheti, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Gangadhar Baddam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Ganganna Chilkuri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who is illiterate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gangapuram Kishan Reddy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Gangarapu Thirupathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gangareddy Mailaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is illiterate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gangareddy Musku, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is illiterate, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gangareddy Rikkala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gangareddy Thorthi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganta Pentanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Garlapati Jithendra Kumar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Goda Sriramulu, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 72 Lacs.

Godam Nagesh, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Godisella Nagamani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gokinapalli Venkateswarlu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Gopoju Ramesh Babu, a member of the Telangana Communist Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Goskula Mahesh Babu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gugulothu Ramesh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Gujjula Ramesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Gummerla Vijay, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is illiterate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Guradi Srinivas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurram Papi Reddy, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hanmandlu Puppala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is illiterate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ija Venkatesh Goud, a member of the Social Justice Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Imran Ahmed Khan, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ippa Lachchanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who is illiterate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

J . N . Rao, a member of the Dalita Bahujana Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

J. Chinna Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jaidi Chinna Gangaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Jaidupally Yadaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jakkula Naveen Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Janaiah Nandipati, a member of the Telangana Sakalajanula Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 78 Thou.

Jannu Narsaiah, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jatothu Hussain, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 90 Lacs.

Junaid Anam Siddiqui, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K Kavitha, a member of the TRS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

K Rangacharya, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

K Venkatanarayana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Madan Mohan Rao, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Nagaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Ram Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ka Maheshwar, a member of the IND Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kalesh, a member of the Bhartiya Anarakshit Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kallu Narsimlu Goud, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Kalluri. Venkateswara Rao, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalthi Yarraiah, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanaka Pramod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kandukala Shiva Kumar Goud, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kannam Venkanna, a member of the Marxist Communist Party of India (United), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karamtothu Mangtha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 31 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karvanga Sharath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Katipally Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Katipelli Ramesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Katravath Venkatesh, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Katta Srinivas, a member of the Yekikrutha Sankshema Rashtriya Praja Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kavitha Malothu, a member of the TRS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Kiran Vangapalli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Komati Reddy Prashanth, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, who is illiterate, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Komatireddy Venakat Reddy, a member of the INC Party, with 14 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Kommula Buchireddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Konda Vishweshwar Reddy, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 895 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Crore.

Kondhapuram Narsaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is illiterate, assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kongari Sanjiv, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Koppula Sreenivasa Rao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Korra Pandu Naik, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kota Shyamkumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kotha Kistaiah, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kotha Prabhakar Reddy, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 126 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Crore.

Krishna Sabbani, a member of the Marxist Communist Party of India (United), with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Kumar Sogula, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 37 Lacs.

Kumbala Sanjeeva Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kummari Giri, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumra Raju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumram Vandana, a member of the Nava Praja Rajyam Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who is illiterate, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunta Narayana Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kuntala Narsaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kurma Divakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

L Ashok Nath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakavath Nageswara Rao, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Lalu Naik Ramavath, a member of the Bahujana Raajyam Party (Phule Ambedkar), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Laxman Ganna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laxmana Chary Bhanala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Limba Reddy Perkit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Limbaiah Somidi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Linga Reddy Doddikindi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Linga Reddy Santha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Lingapuram Bhumeshwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is illiterate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Lingidi Venkateswarlu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 38 Lacs.

Lithesh Sunkari, a member of the Social Justice Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Loka Subhash, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who is illiterate, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

M . Ashok Kumar, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M . D . Nazeer Uddin Quadri, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Muslim League (Secular) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Malla Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Macharla Prathap, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Madavaneni Raghunandan Rao, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 69 Lacs.

Madhava Reddy Gari Hanmantha Reddy, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Madhu Butti, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 99 Thou.

Madhu Sapavath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who is illiterate, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhusudan Alias Madhu Goud Yaskhi, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Maggidi Katipally Rajesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Maggidi Narsaiah Mamidi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Mahender Nalimela, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mahender Reddy Bongunoori, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Mahendhar Kottala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mahendhar Musku, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is illiterate, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mahesh Rayidi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Mallesh Jatavath, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mallu Laxmi, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Lacs.

Mamidi Chinna Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mamidi Rajashekar Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Mamidi Thirupathireddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mandala Shekhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manne Srinivas Reddy, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Maram Venkat Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mark Babu, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 84 Thou.

Marri. Nehemiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maru Janardhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Md. Abdul Azeez Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Medipalli Shekar Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Meesala Gopal Sai Baba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 39 Lacs.

Mekala Satheesh Reddy, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mekala Venkanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mekkonda Ramreddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Merige Santhosh Reddy, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mittapalli Malliah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mittapally Jeevan Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Abdul Azeem, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Feroz Khan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Imtiyaz Ahmad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Nawaz, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Chintala Palli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohanareddy Eleti, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Mohd Ahmed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd Jameel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mokalla. Murali Krishna, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Moorigaadi Krishna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mudiraj Venkatesham, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 74 Thou.

Mukkisa Ratnakar Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Muthenna Lakkara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mutyam Arjuna Raju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

N . Shankar Goud, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

N Mallareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

N. Omkar Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Nadipi Gangaram Niradi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is illiterate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nadisharam Mallaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Nagulapalli Devendhar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Nakirikanti Sanjeeva Rao, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is illiterate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Nakirikanti. Chittemma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is illiterate, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Nalamada Uttam Kumar Reddy, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Nalla Nadipi Muthenna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Nalla Prem Kumar, a member of the Prem Janata Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nama Nageswr Rao, a member of the TRS Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 107 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Nandipati Vinod Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nangunoori Lata, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narala Satyanarayana, a member of the Janasena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Narsaiah Gunda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narsareddy Pannala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Natta Bavanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nemilla Linga Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Nethavath Ramdas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nomula Gopal Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nomula Mohan Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is illiterate, assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

P. Purushotham, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Padala Venkata Shyam Sunder Rao, a member of the BJP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 32 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Palamakula Madhu, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Palle Prashanth, a member of the Jai Swaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Palvancha Rama Rao, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Palvancha. Durga., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Paniganti Rajithavani, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parsagani Nageswara Rao, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parvathi Bhukya, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pasula Rammurthy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawar Krishna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pedda Gangadar Talari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who is illiterate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Pedda Gangaram Turpu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Penta Narsaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Pola Prashanth Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Polishetty Venkateshwarlu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ponnam Prabhakar, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pothuganti Ramulu, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pothuganti Venkatesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhudas Bandaru Thumu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prakash Manchiryala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Praveen Neeradi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Praveen Paidigela, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Pundra Srinivas Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Pusthe Srikanth, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

R Laxman Rao Gangaputra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Ragam Sathesh Yadav, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Raj Kumar Sunkari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Raja Venkat Reddy Pashapu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is illiterate, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Rajareddi Rikkala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Rajareddy Gangasaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is illiterate, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajashekar Reddy Marri, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 56 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Crore.

Rajashekar Sarikela, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendar Pasapu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who is illiterate, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Rajender Ponnala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Rajesh Erikilla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Rajeshwar Enugu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rajeshwar Musku, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Raju Somireddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Ramarao Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Ramchander Rao N, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Ramesh Rathod, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ramesh Reddy Sama, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Sunkara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rameshbabu Shanigarapu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 56 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rapelly Srinivas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi Kumar Vodela, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravindhar Bandi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ravishankar Kunta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who is illiterate, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Reddy Venugopal, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Renuka Chowdhury, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 113 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Crore.

Rotte Chakradhar Sharma, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Royyala Srinivasulu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

S Gopal Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 99 Thou.

S. Sagar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Sai Kiran Gone, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sai Reddy Puttiniti, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Sama Bhaskar Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sama Thirupathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sambaiah Dommati, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Samrat Narender Boilla, a member of the RPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Thou.

Sandireddy Gopal Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sanem Raju Goud, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjay Kumar Shukla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjeeva Reddy Gaddam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sankenapalli. Devadas, a member of the Anti Corruption Dynamic Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santhosh Kamareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Barla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Santosh Komamula, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Sapavat Devaram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 64 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sayanna Bai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who is illiterate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaik Muneer Pasha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shakti Satayavathi, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 65 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Yenugu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Shankara Rao Gopagani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 66 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Shruthi Bangaru, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Singapaka Lingam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sirikonda Krishna, a member of the Secular Democratic Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sirivolu Venkata Ramana Rao, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Solipuram Venugopal Reddy, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Soma Srinivas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Sreenu Vadthya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Srikanth Chiliveru, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Srinivas Gundeti, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who is illiterate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Srinivasulu Buddula, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Thou.

Srirama Naik Munavath, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 14 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sriramulu Muthyala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sujith Gadepalli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Suman Maggidi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sunketa Ravi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 93 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Surakanti Raja Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who is illiterate, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Suresh Baddam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Suresh Basa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Suresh Kanakam, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surukanti Chinna Anjaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Swami Reddy Sama, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

T. Durga Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Talari Suman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Talasani Sai Kiran, a member of the TRS Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Teegala Rajeshwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Thadem Raj Prakash, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Thagulla Janardhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thandu Upender, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Theegala Ashok Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Theegala Thirupathi Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Theetla Anil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thirupataiah Enduram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thirupathi Gaddam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who is illiterate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thirupathi Reddy Pannala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Thota Srinivas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Thummalapally Pruthviraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Tummala Naveen, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Turaga Narsareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is illiterate, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uke Kousalya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Umamaheswara Rao Cherukupalli, a member of the Telangana Yuva Shakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Upendar Jeripothula, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Urumalla Lakshma Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

V Amarnath, a member of the India Praja Bandhu Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V Bal Krishna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V Dasram, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Vaditya Shriram Naik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vanam Sudhakar, a member of the Marxist Communist Party of India (United), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Velma Mallareddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Velthuru Mallaiah, a member of the RPI(Khobragade) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vemireddy Narasimha Reddy, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Crore.

Venkat Reddy Jaidi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who is illiterate, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Venkatesh Kola, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkatesh Netha Borlakunta, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkateshwar Rao Pullakandam, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Vijay Aarya, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinay Tankasaala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar Boianapalli, a member of the TRS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Vishweshwar J, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yedla Suresh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yellala Rajitha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A Narayanaswamy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

A T Dadakhalandar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

A. Christhuraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

A. Devadas, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

A.Raju, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Abdul Azeez, a member of the Karnataka Pragnyavantha Janatha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 58 Thou.

Abdul Basheer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Abdul Hameed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Karim Hashimpeer Desai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Abdul Nazeer Sab, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Abdul Rahman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Abdulkarim Desai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Abdus Sattar Mujahed, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Muslim League (Secular) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adagal Rajendra, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Ahmed Khan, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alagudu Lingaraju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alanguru Kanakalakshmi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alexander, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Alishan. S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ambresh Kencha, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Ambrose D Mello, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amirtha Jai Kumar Essac Yesaiah, a member of the Karnataka Karmikara Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amrith Shenoy P, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Crore, liabilities amounting to 34 Lacs.

Anand Asnotikar, a member of the JD(S) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 72 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Anand Jivan Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anand Kumar. M, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Anand Ramesh Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Anantkumar Hegde, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Angadi Suresh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Crore.

Anil Baban Hegade, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anita Ashok Shet, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Annasaheb Shankar Jolle, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 34 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Crore.

Annojirao.G, a member of the Sarva Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Appasaheb Shripati Kurane, a member of the Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arun Prasad A, a member of the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 46 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arunachalam Y, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Premanand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asharani V, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Ashok Chakravarthi M.B, a member of the Ambedkar Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashutosh Shashikant Kamble, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashwathnarayangowda, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 29 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ayub Khan, a member of the Indian New Congress Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ayubakhan A Pathan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

B N Chandrappa, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

B V Tippeswamy Goshale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

B. Eshwarappa, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

B. G. Sangannavar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

B. Gopal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

B. Krishna Prasad, a member of the Proutist Bloc, India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

B. Raghu, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

B. S. Mallikarjunaiah, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

B. V Naik, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

B. Venkana Gouda Nayaka, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

B.Chikka Nagesha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

B.K.Hariprasad, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

B.N.Bache Gowda, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 115 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

B.Sreenivasulu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

B.Y.Raghavendra, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 67 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Badaroddin Mohammadyusuf Kamdod, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balaji Dyamanna Waddar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Balakrishna Arjun Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 37 Thou.

Bandimath Sharanayya, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 63 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Barkath Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Basanagouda Ramanagouda Meti, a member of the Secular Democratic Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Basavaraj. S. Desai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Bhagwanth Khuba, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Bhagya.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 78 Lacs.

Bommoji Ramappa Siddappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brahmanand.N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Buland Deepak Dalavi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

C H Narayanaswamy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C M Manjunatha Swami, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C. B. K. Rama, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is illiterate, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

C. Lingegowda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C. Ravi Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

C. Shankarappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 57 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.H.Vijayashankar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

C.J. Aditya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

C.P. Divakar, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Chaya Rajashankar, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chetak Kumar Yallappa Kamble, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chetan Chaman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chidanand Harijan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Comrade B.Basavalingappa, a member of the Marxist Leninist Party of India (Red Flag), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Comrade Vijaykumar, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D C Jayashankara, a member of the Aihra National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

D M Madegowda, a member of the Republican Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

D Pennappa Turuvanur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D Sharadhishayana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D. K. Konkate Keroor, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

D.K. Suresh, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 338 Crore, liabilities amounting to 51 Crore.

D.Palya Khadar Subhan Khan, a member of the Samajwadi Janata Party(Karnataka), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

D.R. Patil, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

D.V. Sadananda Gowda, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Dadasab Siddappa Bagayat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Dayanand, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Thou, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Deepak Rajesh Coelho, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Devendrappa, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhanamatnalli Venkateshappa, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhananjay Rajaram Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Dhareppa Mahadev Ardhavar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Dilshaad Sikandar Tahashildar, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 95 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dondiba Ramu Rathod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 76 Thou.

Dr Chinnappa Y Chikkahagade, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dr Shivakumara, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dr Sridhara Udupa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. B. Chandra (Chandregowda), a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dr. Banuprakash A.S, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Dr. C.S.Dwarakanath, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. M Venkataswamy, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. M. P. Darakeshwaraiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Meer Layaq Hussain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Philip Mariyan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Ramesh Babu. V.M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Dr. Sunita Devanand Chavan, a member of the JD(S) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dr. Umesh G Jadhav, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr.John Basco Philips, a member of the Indian Christian Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr.Virupakshappa Sadhunavar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Crore.

Dundasi Abdulrahiman Mahammad Hanif, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Eshwar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 73 Lacs.

Eswara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Francis Binny Jose, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

G M Siddeshwar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 38 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

G Nagendra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

G S Basavaraj, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 51 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Crore.

G Venkatesh Bhovi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Thou.

G. Chikkanarayana, a member of the Republican Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

G. Manjunath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, with unspecified educational background, assets valued at 24 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

G. Timmaraju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

G.D. Rajagopal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

G.M. Mahadeva, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gaddigoudar Parvatagouda Chandanagouda, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 79 Lacs.

Gajanan Amrut Thokanekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh Daddikar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ganesha B A, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gangadhar Badiger, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 95 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gopal Balavantrao Desai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Guddappa, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Gurubasava. P . Rabakavi, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 92 Thou.

Gurulingaiah, a member of the Indian New Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

H B Manjappa, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

H Eshwarappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

H M Chandregowda, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

H. D. Devegowda, a member of the JD(S) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 86, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 97 Lacs.

H. Suresh Poojary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

H.Narayana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 95 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

H.T. Chikkaraju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Hanumanthappa D Kabbar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 55 Thou.

Hanur Nagaraju, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 98 Thou.

Harish Halli, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hashinabanu Tapalvale, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is illiterate, assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hemaraj Veerapur, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hunsur K. Chandrashekar, a member of the Democratic Prajakranthi Party Secularist, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Irappa Madar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Ishwar Patil, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

J T Prakash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

J. K. Sami, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 31 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jamindar Maruti, a member of the Karnataka Jantha Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayaprasad M.G, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Jenifar J. Russell, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jigajinagi Ramesh Chandappa, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Jitendra Subhash Nerle, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

K V Srinivas Kalkere, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

K. B. Vasu, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. C. Hanumantharaya, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K. Gulappa, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 93 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

K. Somashekhar Yadagiri, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.C. Prakash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.C.Nagabhushana Reddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

K.C.Vinay Rajavath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

K.H. Muniyappa, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 32 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Crore.

K.N. Jagadesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

K.Rajashekar Basavaraj Hitnal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

K.S.Somasunder, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kallappa Adiveppa Gudasi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Kallappa Krishnappa Kowadkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Kapanigowda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karadi Sanganna Amarappa, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Kaveriamma.N.K., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kavita Deepak Kole, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kempurajan, a member of the Republican Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kollur Manjunatha Naik, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Kowdle Channappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishna Byregowda, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Krishna K, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishna Murthy V ., a member of the Right to Recall Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Krishnaiah, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Krishnakant Kamanna Birje, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Kumar L., a member of the Bharatiya Prajagala Kalyana Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kumar Y, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Kundabai Ganapati Parulekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 85 Lacs.

L Rangappa, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

L Venugopal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

L. Nagaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

L. Nagaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Lakshmanarav Melage, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 85, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laxman Bhimarao Dalavi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 66 Thou.

Lingegowda S H, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Lokesh Kumar.G., a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Lokesha M K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M B Veerabhadrappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M J Suresh Gowda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

M Pradeep Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M Shashikumar Hlepadi, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

M. Mahesh (Al: Lokesh), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M. Sumalatha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.C. Devaraju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

M.K Dayananda, a member of the Proutist Sarva Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

M.K. Pasha, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

M.L. Shashikumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

M.Veerappa Moily, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 79, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Machchendra Davalu Kadapure, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madesh.V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhu T G, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 93 Thou.

Magdum Ismailmagdum, a member of the RPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Maggalamakki Ganesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Mahadev Maruti Manganakar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahalakshmi C. P., a member of the Ambedkar Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahanthesh C U, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahesh Lambani, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 38 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahmad Husen Mujawar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Makhtum Khan Hasanalikhan Sirdesai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Mallikarjun Hadapad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mallikarjun Kharge, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Mallikarjunagouda Giriyappagouda Balanagoudra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Manju A, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Manjunath B, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Manjunath Rajappanavar, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manjunath Sadashiv, a member of the Bharat Bhoomi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manjunatha M, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Manjunatha Marikoppa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 58 Thou.

Manohar Iyer, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Maradagi Veerappa Gurushantappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Maruti Siddappa Chougule, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maulappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Maulasab, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maxim Pinto, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Md Merajuddin, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Medihala Chalavadi M Chandrashekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Megharaj Shivagoudappa Khanagoudar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mellegatti Shridevi, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mithun M Rai, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mohamed Hayath, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammad Khalid, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Abdul Wakeel, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Aleemulla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Eliyas, a member of the SDPI Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Yousuf, a member of the Praja Satta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohammed Yusuf Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mohammed Zabrood Khateeb, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Mohan Gurappa Motannavar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Moulvi Zameruddin, a member of the National Development Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Munirajappa. P, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muniraju.G, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 36 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muttappa Mudakappa Hirekumbi, a member of the Raita Bharat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muttu S Surakod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

N Ambarish, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

N Shivanna, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

N. Krishnappa, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

N. Nagesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

N. Narayana Swamy Navakoti, a member of the Jai Vijaya Bharathi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

N.C. Subbarayappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

N.Hanume Gowda, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 90 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

N.T.Vijayakumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagaraj Anant Shirali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 26 Thou.

Nagaraj Kalal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagaraj Naik, a member of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 81 Thou, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Nagendra Rao Shinde, a member of the Karnataka Jantha Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Nagesh Subhash Bobate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nagraj Shridhar Shet, a member of the Rashtriya Jansambhavna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nalin Kumar Kateel, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Nalina.K.S, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 66 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nanda Maruti Kodachwadkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Nanjundaswamy, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nasrulla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 17 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naveen Kumar. S, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Nawaz Dilber, a member of the Karnataka Karmikara Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Thou.

Nayakara Ramappa, a member of the Indian Labour Party (Ambedkar Phule), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nazir Ahmed, a member of the Karnataka Karmikara Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Neelkanth Mahadev Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Nikhil Kumaraswamy, a member of the JD(S) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 74 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Crore.

Ningappa B D, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Niranjan Nayak, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Niranjana A D Cheelangi, a member of the Ambedkar Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 35 Thou.

Niteen Dhondiba Anandache, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Onkarsingh C Bhatia, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

P. C. Mohan, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 75 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Crore.

P. D. Ramanayaka, a member of the Republican Party of India (Karnataka), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

P. Goutham Prabhu, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

P. Parameshwara, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

P.K. Biddappa, a member of the Karnataka Praja Party (RaithaParva), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Pa.Ya. Ganesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Pandurang Mallappa Pattan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parameshwar Gowda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parashuram Laxman Neelnaik, a member of the Republican Party of India (Karnataka), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pendari Buddesab Makabulsab, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Phaniraj.S.V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Prabhakar Bhujang Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 85 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradeep Mendonca, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prajwal R, a member of the JD(S) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Prakash Babanna Hukkeri, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Crore, liabilities amounting to 38 Lacs.

Prakash Balappa Nesarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prakash Raj, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 32 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Prakash. R. A. Jain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pralhad Joshi, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Pramod Madhwaraj, a member of the JD(S) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 99 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Pranam Prakash Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prasanna Kumar B, a member of the Karnataka Praja Party (RaithaParva), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Prasanna Kumar Iyengar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Prashantha.C, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prathap Simha, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 65 Lacs.

Praveenkumar Baligatti, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Premakumara .V.V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pujari Shrinath Sangappa, a member of the BSP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

R Dhruvanarayana, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

R G Sathisha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

R Hanumanthappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

R. Mahesha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Raghu Janagere, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 47 Lacs.

Raj Kumaresan. L, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Raja Amareshwara Naik, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Rajambi, a member of the Bhartiya Bahujan Kranti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajendra Yallappa Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rajkumar, a member of the Bhartiya Bahujan Kranti Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajkumar, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Anantsa Naikwadi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Changappa Divatage, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Harishchandra Kamble, a member of the Azad Mazdoor Kissan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 79 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju S/O Late Chaluvashetty, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rama T C, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramanagoud S Balawad, a member of the Hindustan Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramanji. R, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 86 Thou, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Ramappa Harijan, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Ramchandra Dattoba Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramchandra Krishna Gaonkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Thou.

Ramesh Bheemsingh Chavan, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Ramesha V, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ranjit Kallappa Patil, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Raparti Anil Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Ravi Shivappa Padasalagi, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 97 Lacs.

Ravikumara.T, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ravindra Navale, a member of the Indian Labour Party (Ambedkar Phule), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Revanshiddappa Basavaraj Talawar, a member of the Bharatiya Prajagala Kalyana Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Rizwan Arshad, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Rudrappa Deyappa Chalawadi, a member of the Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

S K Afzalkhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S Meetyanaik, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

S. M. Sharma, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Mohan Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

S. Muniswamy, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

S. Pandurangan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

S. Sathish Saliyan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

S.H Bukhari, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Madhubangarappa, a member of the JD(S) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 61 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Crore.

S.R.Nageshareddy, a member of the Ambedkar Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Umesha Varma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Umeshappa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

S.Varalakshmi, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachin Manohar Nikam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachin Shantaram Kelavekar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saibanna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandeep Vasant Lad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandhya P S, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sanjay Kamble, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santhosh M., a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santhosh Mandya Gowda, a member of the Engineers Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Santhosh Min B, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with other educational qualifications, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh, a member of the Bharatiya Jan Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Nandur, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sarvesh N.M., a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satheesh Kumar .T.N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satishreddy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 82 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaik Abdul Gaffar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shakeel Ahmad Abdulsattar Dodwad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Chogule, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Shankar Jadhav, a member of the Bharatiya Peoples Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Pandappa Rathod, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sharad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Shashikumar R N, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Shashikumar S.Gowda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shekar Havanje, a member of the Republican Party of India (Karnataka), with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shekara Naik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 31 Lacs.

Shiva Manjesh K.S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivaputrappa. Gumagera, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 84 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Shivaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 85 Thou.

Shivaraj Narayan Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shivarajkumar Ajjappa Talawar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shobha Karandlaje, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Shrikant Balkrishna Kadam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Shrimanth Yevate Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shrinik Annasaheb Jangate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shrivenkateshwar Maha Swamiji, a member of the Hindustan Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at nan, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Shubham Vikrant Shelke, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shylesh Nazare Ashok, a member of the Indian Labour Party (Ambedkar Phule), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Siddappa B H, a member of the BSP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Siddappa Kallappa Poojar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Siddaramegowda T. B., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Somashekhar Peeraji Yadav, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Srinivasaiah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 80, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Srinivasan R, a member of the Indian Christian Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subbaiah, a member of the Indian New Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhan Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudhakar Kira Jogalekar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Sugriv Bharat Kachave, a member of the Kranti Kari Jai Hind Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumalatha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sumalatha Ambareesh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sumalatha W/O Darshan K., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumatha K.S., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sun Star D.Jairam, a member of the Gareeb Aadmi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Guddakayu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Pawar, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sunil Vittal Dasar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Supreeth Kumar Poojary, a member of the Hindustan Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Suresh Basappa Maralingannavar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Suresh Gouda Mundinamane, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Khemanna Rajukar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Kunder, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Suresh.H, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Syed Asif Bukhari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Syed Hydri Babloo, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Syed Sadiq Pasha, a member of the Karnataka Karmikara Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Syed Zabiulla K, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

T. N. Kumara Swamy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

T. Veeresh, a member of the Samajwadi Forward Bloc Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

T.K. Dasar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tejasvi Surya, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thimmaraj Gowda (Shenganadu), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Thippeswamy T, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Thyagaraj, a member of the Republican Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tulasappa K Dasar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Udasi. S.C., a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 71 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Crore.

Uday Naik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Uday Ramappa Kundargi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Udayakumar Ayyappa Ambiger, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is illiterate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Umesh Babu Pillegowda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

V Iqbal Ahamed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

V Manjunathachar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

V S Bhutharaja, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

V Srinivas Prasad, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

V. S. Ugrappa, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

V. Venkataraju, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Vadiraj Mannari Madhusudhan, a member of the All India Hindustan Congress Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vatal Nagaraj, a member of the Kannada Chalavali Vatal Paksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Veena Kashappanavar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Veerabhadrappa Veerappa Kabbinada, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkatesa Setty, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkatesh Bende, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Venkatesh R, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkatesha D Nayaka, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venkateshappa, a member of the Sarva Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Venu M., a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who is illiterate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Jadhav, a member of the Sarva Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Krishna Madar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Vijay Laxman Patil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Shreenivas C, a member of the Uttama Prajaakeeya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vinay Kulkarni, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinay Kumar V.Nayak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vinayak Balakrishna More, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vinayak Gopal Gunjatkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Vinod D Ghodke, a member of the Proutist Bloc India Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Vinodraj K H, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 38 Thou.

Vishwanath Buwaji, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vishwnath Kalloli Wajantri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Y. Devendrappa, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Yamanappa Vittal Gunadal, a member of the Republican Party of India (Karnataka), with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yeruru Pampapathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yogeesh Nagaraj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

C Lalrosanga, a member of the MNF Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lal Hriatrenga Chhangte, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Lalnghinglova Hmar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 60 Lacs.

Lalthlamuani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who is illiterate, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Nirupam Chakma, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Tbc Lalvenchhunga, a member of the PRISM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Aashray Sharma, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Anurag Singh Thakur, a member of the BJP Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ashish Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Bhachan Singh Rana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Brij Gopal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Chander Bhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Chandermani, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Col. Narinder Singh Pathania, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Col. Thakur Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Daleep Singh Kaith, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Desh Raj, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dev Raj Bhardwaj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 69 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhani Ram Shandil, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 78, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Dharmender Singh Thakur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 28 Crore, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Dr. Sanjiv Guleria, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Swaroop Singh Rana, a member of the Swabhiman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ghanshyam Chand Thakur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Guman Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Kartar Chand, a member of the Swabhiman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Kehar Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Khem Chand, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who is illiterate, assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Kishan Kapoor, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 36 Lacs.

Krishan Gopal, a member of the Satya Bahumat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to 35 Thou.

Manoj Kumar, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mehar Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Azad Manch Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Thou.

Nisha Katoch, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Parveen Thakur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 47 Lacs.

Pawan Kumar Kajal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to 66 Lacs.

Prem Chand Vishvakarma, a member of the Navbharat Ekta Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 51 Lacs.

Radha Krishan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Rajender Suryavanshi, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 73 Thou.

Ram Lal Thakur, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Singh Shukla, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Swaroop Sharma, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Ravi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ses Ram, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Shamsher Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Azad Manch Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shiv Lal Thakur, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Subhash Chand, a member of the Himachal Jan Kranti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Mohan Snehi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suresh Kumar Kashyap, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 78 Lacs.

Tulsi Ram Sharma, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 83 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Vikash Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Vikram Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Aadil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Bhatt, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Tamta, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 55 Thou.

Ambrish Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anandmani Dutt Joshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anu Pant, a member of the Uttarakhand Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Bachi Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 40 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Barhm Dev Jha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagwat Prasad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhanpal Singh, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brij Bhushan Karanwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 70 Thou.

Daulat Kunwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Dharmendra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dilendrr Pal Singh, a member of the Uttarakhand Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Antriksh Saini, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 86 Crore, liabilities amounting to 27 Crore.

Dr. Mukesh Semwal, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 47, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Ramendra Singh Bhandari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dropadi Verma, a member of the Uttarakhand Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Furkan Ali, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Gautam Singh Bisht, a member of the Sarv Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gopal Mani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harish Rawat, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Jay Prakash Upadhyay, a member of the UKD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Jyoti Prakash Tamta, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

K.L. Arya, a member of the UKD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kailash Pandey, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lalit Kumar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhu Shah, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 88 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mala Rajya Laxmi Shah, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 184 Crore, liabilities amounting to 135 Crore.

Manish Khanduri, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Narendra Chauhan, a member of the Bhartiya Sarvodaya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Navneet Agarwal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Pradeep Tamta, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Prem Prasad Arya, a member of the Pragatisheel Lok Manch Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pritam Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 92 Lacs.

Rajendra Purohit, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Thou.

Reenu, a member of the Hindusthan Nirman Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Sanjay Goyal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Sanjay Kundaliya, a member of the Uttarakhand Pragatisheel Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 68 Lacs.

Sardar Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Satyapal, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shanti Prasad Bhatt, a member of the UKD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shishupal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukumar Vishwash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunder Dhauni, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Surendra Kumar Upadhayay, a member of the UKD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, a Graduate, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Tirath Singh Rawat, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Tribirendra Singh Rawat, a member of the Uttarakhand Kranti Dal (Democratic) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vimla Arya, a member of the UTTARAKHAND PARIVARTAN PARTY, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Prasad Notiyal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bajrang Vats, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bijender, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Mange Ram Verma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pardeep Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Saleem Din, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Shamsher Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudhir Godara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Advocate Parveen Yadav Wazirabad, a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Jan Sangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Singh Patel, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Angrej Singh Alahi, a member of the Rashtriya Lokswaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Anil Kumar, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Anil Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 59 Lacs.

Anil Kumar, a member of the Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ankur, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ankur Gill, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Anoop Mehta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Arjun Singh Chautala, a member of the INLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Arun Kumar, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arvind Kumar Sharma, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Ashok Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 38 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Tanwar, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 74 Lacs.

Ashwani, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashwini Sharma Hrittwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Atam Parkash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avtar Singh Bhadana, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Azad Singh Nangalia, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balveer Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balwan Singh, a member of the INLD Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Balwant Kataria, a member of the IND Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baudhycharya Khajan Isngh Gautam, a member of the RPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Beta Mam Chand Rattuwala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhai Surender Dhanak, a member of the Bhartiya Janraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Bhavya Bishnoi, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Bhupinder Singh Hooda, a member of the INC Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Bijender, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Bijender Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brij Pal Balmiki, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Brijendra Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

C A Shukla, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Capt. Ajay Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 27 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Charanjeet Singh Rori, a member of the INLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Chowkidar Anjan Deveshwar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Col. Dharam Pal Singh Raghava, a member of the Rashtra Nirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Comrade Balbeer Singh, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dalip Luna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dara Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Janraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Daya Chand, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Deepak, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 70 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Gaur, a member of the AARAKSHAN VIRODHI PARTY, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Deepender Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 44 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Dharambir, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharambir Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dharambir Singh S/0 Fateh Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dharamvir, a member of the INLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Dharmvir Padha, a member of the INLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 52 Lacs.

Digvijay Singh Chautala, a member of the Jannayak Janta Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 53 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Crore.

Dinesh Sharma, a member of the SHS Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Abdul Latif (Miya Ji), a member of the Voters Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Jagbir Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Dr. Mehmood Khan, a member of the Jannayak Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Dr. Rajesh Mehandia, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 36 Thou.

Dushyant Chautala, a member of the Jannayak Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 76 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Fauji Jai Kawar Tyagi Dixshit, a member of the Daksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hans Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Rashtrawadi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Happy Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hari Chand, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hari Shankar Rajvans, a member of the Adim Bhartiya Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Hira Singh Hanspur, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Imran, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Inderjeet, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ishwar Chand Salwan, a member of the Aadarsh Janata Sewa Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Thou.

Ishwar Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Lokswaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagat Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagdish, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who is illiterate, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jai Bhagwan, a member of the Jannayak Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 43 Lacs.

Jai Bhagwan, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jai Karan, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jai Parkash Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jai Prakash, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Janak Raj Atwal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Jaswant, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Jatinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jawahar Singh Pahal, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Jyoti, a member of the Navnirman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

K P Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kaka Sahil Thakral, a member of the Sapaks Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 71 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanwaljit Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kashmir Chand Oad, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kishan Lal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kitab Singh, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Krishan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Krishan Kumar Aggarwal, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 45 Lacs.

Krishan Pal, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Kuldeep Bhukkal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Kuldip Sharma, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Kundan Kumar, a member of the RPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kusheshwar Bhagat, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kusum Parashar, a member of the Mahila & Yuva Shakti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Lalit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lekha Ram Dabang, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Mahabir Mehra Chhilarki, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahavir, a member of the Rashtriya Mazdoor Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahender Singh Chauhan, a member of the INLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Mahesh Pratap Sharma, a member of the Rashtriya Vikas Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mandhir Maan, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Manish, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 88 Thou, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Manju Devi, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 49 Thou.

Manoj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Master Ramesh Khatri Lambardar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 65 Thou.

Mohan, a member of the AIFB Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 87 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohd. Irfan, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukesh Kumar Singh, a member of the Lokpriya Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kumar, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Thou.

Navin Jaihind, a member of the AAP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nayab Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Lacs.

Nirmal Singh, a member of the Jannayak Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nirmal Singh, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Nitin, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Om Parkash, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 34 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pardeep Chahal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parmod Kumar Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 95 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Parveen Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawan Kumar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pawan Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Bhagidari Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 57 Thou.

Pawan Nehra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Pradeep Kumar, a member of the Tola Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 56 Lacs.

Pradeep Kumar Deswal, a member of the Jannayak Janta Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prithvi Raj, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Puran Chand, a member of the Rashtriya Lokswaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pyarelal Chohan Advocate, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rais Ahmad, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 45 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Crore.

Raj Bala Saini, a member of the Loktanter Suraksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Raj Kumari, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajbir, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajender Kumar Bhatli, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 76 Thou.

Rajender Sirsa, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Chaubara, a member of the Revolutionary Marxist Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Sharma, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajnish Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Rakesh Kumar, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ram Kishan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Ram Kishan Gola, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Ram Kishan Sain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ram Narayan, a member of the Bhartiya Jan Samman Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ram Pal, a member of the INLD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rambir, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramdiya, a member of the Samajik Nyaya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Chand, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Chander Kaushik, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Chander Khatkar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 36 Thou, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Ramesh Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Sahara Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramesh Rao Pilot, a member of the Loktanter Suraksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Rameshwar Dass, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjeet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rao Inderjeet, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 52 Thou.

Rao Inderjit Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 42 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Rattan Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Rattan Lal Kataria, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ravinder Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Roshan Lal Muwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ruby, a member of the Hind Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sachin Gaba, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sahiram Rawat, a member of the Voters Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Salesh Kumar, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandeep, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Sandeep Kumar Kaushik, a member of the Rashtriya Lokswaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sandeep Singh, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandeep Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Sanjay Bhatia, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sanjay Maurya, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sant Dharamveer Chotiwala, a member of the Bahujan Maha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Satbir, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satinder Rathi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Satish Kumar Singal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satish Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Satya Pal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Satyavir Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Selja, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sharvan Kumar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Shashi, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shashi Bharat Bhushan, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Shiyanand Tyagi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Shruti Choudhry, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 101 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Crore.

Shyamvir, a member of the Rashtriya Lokswaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Subhash, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Sudhir Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Sudhir Kumar, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 42 Thou.

Sukhbir, a member of the Dalit Soshit Pichhara Varg Adhikar Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Sukhbir Singh, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhmandar Singh Kharb, a member of the Rashtriya Jatigat Aarakshan Virodhi Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumer Chand, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sumit Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunita Duggal, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Suraj Bhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suraj Bhan Narwal, a member of the Pragatishil Samajwadi Party (Lohia), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Suraj Kumar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surajmal Athwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Surender Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surender Kumar Chhikara, a member of the INLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 40 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Crore.

Suresh Chand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Suresh Koth, a member of the INLD Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, a Graduate, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surinder Sharma, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swati Yadav, a member of the Jannayak Janta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Tika Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Tilak Raj, a member of the Rashtriya Garib Dal Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Varun Kumar Jaglan, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Vicky Chinalya, a member of the Samajik Nyaya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Vijender Kumar Kasana, a member of the Bhartiya Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Vikas Godara, a member of the Rashtriya Lokswaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Vikram Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to 17 Thou.

Vinay, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 99 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Vinod Kumar, a member of the Aapki Apni Party (Peoples), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Vinod Kumar Sirkiband (Gihara), a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Virender Rana, a member of the INLD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 102 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Virender Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Virender Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 82 Lacs.

Advocate Prabhjot Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 19 Thou, liabilities amounting to 21 Thou.

Ajaib Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Janshakti Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Kumar, a member of the Indian Democratic Republican Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Singh Dharmendra Deol (Sunny Deol), a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 87 Crore, liabilities amounting to 53 Crore.

Amandeep Kaur, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 68 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amandeep Singh Ghotra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amar Singh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amarpreet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Amrik Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Amrinder Singh Raja Warring, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Amrish Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashish Garg, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Ashok Kumar, a member of the Rashtriya Lokswaraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashwani Kumar, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashwani Kumar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashwani Kumar, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Avtar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Baba Amarjit Singh Khalsa, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baba Sukhwinder Singh Gill, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Badal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bagga Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bal Krishan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Baldeep Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Baldev Raj Katna, a member of the Nationalist Justice Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Baldev Singh, a member of the Punjab Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Baljinder Kumar Sangila, a member of the Socialist Party (India), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Baljinder Sodhi, a member of the Nationalist Justice Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Baljit Kaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Baljit Singh, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Balkar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balkar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Balwant Singh Khalsa, a member of the Janral Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Balwinder Kaur, a member of the Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balwinder Kumar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Thou.

Balwinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is illiterate, assets valued at 98 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Balwinder Singh Sandhu, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 92 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bandeep Singh, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Banwari Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Bargava Reddy D, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagwant Mann, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagwant Singh Samaon, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 57 Thou, liabilities amounting to 15 Thou.

Bhantbir Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Bhola Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhola Singh Sahota, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bhupinder Singh Bhainda Waring, a member of the Samaj Adhikar Kalyan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 95 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Bintu Kumar Taank, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bir Devinder Singh, a member of the Shiromani Akali Dal (Taksali) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Buta Ram Gulati, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Chain Singh Bainka, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chanan Singh Wattu, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chand Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Charan Dass, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Charanjit Singh, a member of the SAD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 82, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Daljit Singh, a member of the Peoples Party of India(secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Darbara Singh Guru, a member of the SAD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Darshan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Darshan Singh, a member of the Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 94 Thou.

Daswinder Kaur, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Davinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dayal Chan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Desa Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Devinder Bhagria, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 77 Lacs.

Dharam Pal, a member of the Nationalist Justice Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Dharam Vira Gandhi, a member of the Nawan Punjab Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dildar Singh, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr Swarn Singh, a member of the Apna Samaj Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 11 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Brijesh Kumar Bangar, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Dr. Daljit Singh Chauhan, a member of the NCP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Dr. Jagsir Singh Mrar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Sukhdeep Kaur, a member of the Janral Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Faqir Chand, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gagandeep Kumar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 36 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gulzar Singh Ranike, a member of the SAD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurbachan Singh, a member of the Samaj Adhikar Kalyan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Gurbinder Singh, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Thou.

Gurcharan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurcharan Singh Machhiwara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurjeet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Gurjeet Singh Aujla, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 90 Lacs.

Gurjit Singh, a member of the Sarvjan Sewa Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurmail Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurmeet Singh Insa, a member of the Punjab Labour Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurnam Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gurnam Singh, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Gursewak Singh, a member of the SAD (Amritsar)(Simranjit Singh Mann) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Gurupal Singh, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hans Raj Golden, a member of the CPI Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harbhajan Singh Virk, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harchand Singh, a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hardeep Singh Puri, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 34 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Crore.

Hari Mitter, a member of the Peoples Party of India (Democratic), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harjinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, who is illiterate, assets valued at 16 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harjinder Singh Kaka Sran, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Harjit Kaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harmander Singh, a member of the Samaj Adhikar Kalyan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harmesh Sharma, a member of the Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Harpal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 84 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Harpal Singh, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harpreet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harsimrat Kaur Badal, a member of the SAD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 217 Crore, liabilities amounting to 95 Crore.

Jagan Nath Bajwa, a member of the Hum Bhartiya Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Jagir Kaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who is illiterate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagir Kaur, a member of the SAD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 13 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Jagmail Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagmeet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jagmohan Krishan, a member of the Janral Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jagneet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Thou.

Jai Parkash Jain, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jasbir Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jasbir Singh, a member of the Bahujan Samaj Party (Ambedkar), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jasbir Singh Gill, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 46 Lacs.

Jasdeep Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Jaspal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jasraj Singh Longia, a member of the Lok Insaaf Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Jaswant Singh, a member of the Rashtriya Janshakti Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jaswinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 80 Thou.

Jatinder Singh Thind, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jodh Singh Thandi, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Jora Singh Sroay, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Kabal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 27 Thou.

Kamaljeet Singh, a member of the Democratic Party of India (Ambedkar), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 35 Thou.

Karam Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Karandeep Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Kartar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Kashmir Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kashmir Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kashmir Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who is illiterate, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kasim Deen, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kawaljeet Singh, a member of the Hind Congress Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Kawaljit Singh Sahota, a member of the Bahujan Samaj Party (Ambedkar), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kewal Krishan, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Kewal Singh Dhillon, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 131 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Crore.

Khajan Singh, a member of the Nationalist Justice Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Khushi Ram, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Kirpal Kaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Kshmakant Pandey, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kuldeep Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuldeep Singh Sahota, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kuldip Singh Dhaliwal, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 27 Lacs.

Kulwinder Kaur, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Lachhman Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakhwinder Singh Sidhu, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lal Chand, a member of the Revolutionary Marxist Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 25 Thou.

Lal Chand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 61 Thou.

Madan Lal, a member of the Republican Party of India (Reformist), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Maheshinder Singh Grewal, a member of the SAD Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Makhan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Malvinder Singh Benipal, a member of the JD(U) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 59 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Mangalsingh, a member of the Democratic Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, with unspecified educational background, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish Kumar, a member of the Bhartiya Janraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manish Tewari, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manjeet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Manjinder Singh, a member of the AAP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manjit Kaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who is illiterate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Manmohan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 12 Thou.

Manoj Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manwinder Singh, a member of the Lok Insaaf Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 76 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 44 Lacs.

Mohammad Sadique, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 79, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mohan Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Mohd. Naseem Ansari, a member of the Rashtriya Sahara Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, who is illiterate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who is illiterate, assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who is illiterate, assets valued at 20 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohinder Singh Namdhari, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohinderpal Singh Dangarh, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Nahar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Najeera Begam, a member of the Rashtriya Sahara Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nanak Singh Chauhan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kumar, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with primary education (5th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narinder Singh, a member of the AAP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Neena Mittal, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Neetu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Om Parkash, a member of the Bhartiya Janraj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Onkar Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pala Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pappu Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paramjeet Singh Ranu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Paramjit Kaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who is illiterate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paramjit Kaur Khalra, a member of the Punjab Ekta Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paramjit Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paramjit Singh, a member of the Samaj Bhalai Morcha Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parampreet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 80 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pardeep Bawa, a member of the Samaj Adhikar Kalyan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parkash Chand Jassal, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parminder Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 51 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Parminder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parminder Singh, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parminder Singh Dhindsa, a member of the SAD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parveen Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parwinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parwinder Singh, a member of the Democratic Party of India (Ambedkar), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Peter Masih, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Prem Singh, a member of the SAD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prem Singh Mohanpur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Preneet Kaur, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate, assets valued at 63 Crore, liabilities amounting to 4 Crore.

Pritam Singh Bhatti, a member of the Janral Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Prof. Baljinder Kaur, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Prof. Lakhbir Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Prof. Sadhu Singh, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 78, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 35 Lacs.

Prof. Tej Pal Singh Gill, a member of the AAP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Puran Singh, a member of the Bahujan Samaj Party (Ambedkar), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who is illiterate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 48 Thou.

Raghunath Singh, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raj Kumar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Crore.

Raj Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Rajinder Kaur Safri, a member of the Rashtriya Janshakti Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajinder Kumar, a member of the Hindu Samaj Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajvir Kaur, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rakesh Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Singh Deapak, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ram Singh Raisal, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 63 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Ramesh Lal, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Randhir Singh Khangura, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Ranveer Singh Rana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ravinder Pal Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ravjot Singh, a member of the AAP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of Unknown, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Ravneet Singh Bittu, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Crore, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Rishabh Sharma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rtd. Subedar Major Jagdev Singh Raipur, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandeep Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Sandeep Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjeev Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Santokh Singh, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santokh Singh Chaudhary, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Crore, liabilities amounting to 25 Lacs.

Sarabjit Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satnam Singh, a member of the Democratic Party of India (Ambedkar), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 48 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satnam Singh S/O Balwant Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satnam Singh S/O Gurdeep Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Sham Lal Gandhiwadi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shamsher Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Lal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sher Singh Ghubaya, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Shubham Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Simarjeet Singh, a member of the Lok Insaaf Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Simranjit Singh Mann, a member of the SAD (Amritsar)(Simranjit Singh Mann) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Lacs.

Sodhi Vikram Singh, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate, assets valued at 140 Crore, liabilities amounting to 34 Lacs.

Som Parkash, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Stephen Bhatti, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 15 Thou.

Subhash Goria, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Sukhbir Singh Badal, a member of the SAD Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 217 Crore, liabilities amounting to 95 Crore.

Sukhchain Singh Bhargav, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhdev Singh, a member of the Hindustan Shakti Sena Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhdev Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhjit Singh, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhpal Singh Khaira, a member of the Punjab Ekta Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 59 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Sukhwant Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukhwinder Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukrit Sharda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of Unknown, a Graduate, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suman Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunaina, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar Bhatti, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar Jakhar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 25 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar Mattu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunny Bawa, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Apna Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surinder Kaur Mangat, a member of the Rashtriya Janshakti Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surjeet Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surjit Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 85 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Surjit Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surjit Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surjit Singh Kang, a member of the Bhartiya Lok Seva Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surjit Singh Rakhra, a member of the SAD Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 67 Lacs.

Sushil Kumar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 71 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Swami Nitya Anand, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate, assets valued at 50 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swarn Singh Dhaliwal, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Tara Singh, a member of the Bahujan Samaj Party (Ambedkar), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Teja Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tilak Raj, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Tulsi Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who is illiterate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Upkar Singh Bakhshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 76, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Urmila, a member of the Ambedkar National Congress Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Veerpal Kaur, a member of the Samaj Adhikar Kalyan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 75 Thou.

Veerpal Kaur, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Vijay Aggarwal, a member of the Bhartiya Shakti Chetna Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 69 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vikram Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vinod Kumar, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Yash Paul, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Hannan Sardar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdul Rahim Mallik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abdus Sadek Sarkar, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 98 Lacs.

Abhas Ray Chaudhuri, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abhijit Mukherjee, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 14 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Crore.

Abhijit Saha, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Abhishek Banerjee, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abhishek Kumar Singh, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 88 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 69 Lacs.

Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 27 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Abu Hena, S/O - Late Abdus Sattar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abu Hena, S/O - Sazzad Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Abu Taher Khan, a member of the AITC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Abul Kashem Dhali, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Adhikary Paresh Chandra, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 41 Lacs.

Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, a member of the INC Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to 85 Lacs.

Advocate Anjay Debsarma, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Agarwal Kanaialal, a member of the AITC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Dahal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Ghosh, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ajay Kumar Bain, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Ajit Kumar Bauri, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Akik Hossain Chowdhury, a member of the Kamatapur Peoples Party (United), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Al Monowara Begam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is illiterate, assets valued at 61 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Alakesh Das, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Alimuddin Nazir, a member of the Rashtriya Janadhikar Suraksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 50 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amal Barman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amar Singh Rai, a member of the AITC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 71, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Amarnath Chowdhury, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amit Sengupta, a member of the Rashtriya Janasachetan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Amitav Naskar, a member of the New Democratic Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amiya Patra, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Amiya Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ananda Kumar Saren, a member of the Rashtriya Janadhikar Suraksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anandi Tudu, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Angshudhar Mandal, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Animesh Chandra Halder, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 30 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Animesh Mal, a member of the Bharatiya Nyay-Adhikar Raksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 58 Thou.

Anisul Ambia, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anujit Kumar Nan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anupam Hazra, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who holds a Doctorate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Anuradha Putatunda, a member of the Party for Democratic Socialism, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Aparupa Poddar (Afrin Ali), a member of the AITC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 42 Lacs.

Apurba Sarkar, a member of the AITC Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Arjun Keshari, a member of the SHS Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 27, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Arjun Singh, a member of the BJP Party, with 24 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 80 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 11 Lacs.

Arpita Ghosh, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Agarwala, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashok Kumar Murmu, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashoke Bairagi, a member of the New Democratic Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 62 Thou, liabilities amounting to 6 Thou.

Ashoke Sarkar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ashraf Ali, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asish Singha, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 14 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Asit Kumar Haldar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Asit Kumar Mal, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Atanu Chatterjee, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avash Munshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Avijit Khamaru, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ayesha Khatun, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 83 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Badal Mondal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Badaruddoza Khan, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 42 Thou.

Bandyopadhyay Sudip, a member of the AITC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bani Chakraborty, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Thou.

Barjuram Singh Sardar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Basudeb Sikari, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bhagirath Chandra Roy, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharat Dong, a member of the Gorkha Rashtriya Congress Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 75, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bharati Ghosh, a member of the BJP Party, with 11 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to 73 Lacs.

Bhaskar Ghosh, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 48 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 73 Thou.

Bhaskar Paul, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bibhuti Sardar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Bibhuti Tudu, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bidyut Biswas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bijnan Kumar Bera, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bijoy Chandra Barman, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Bijoy Krishna Dolui, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Lacs.

Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharyya, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 12 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Bimal Krishna Mandal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Binay Kumar Malik, a member of the Rashtriya Janadhikar Suraksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Binoy Kumar Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate, assets valued at 18 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Biplab Bhatta, a member of the CPI Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Biplab Mistri, a member of the Bharatiya Nyay-Adhikar Raksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Bir Singh Mahato, a member of the AIFB Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 73, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Birbaha Hansda, a member of the Jharkhand Party (Naren), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Birbaha Saren, a member of the AITC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 67 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Biren Mahanta, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Biswanath Ghosh, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 69, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Biswarup Mondal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Biswas Rama, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandan Mallick, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 84 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chandra Kumar Bose, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Chandra Sekhar Jha, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Chittaranjan Hansda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Chittaranjan Mallick, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Choudhury Mohan Jatua, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 80, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Christopher Gahatraj, a member of the Indian Democratic Republican Front Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Churka Murmu, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dasrath Tirkey, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 90 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Debabrata Bera, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Debabrata Biswas, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Debasish Biswas, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Debasish Mandal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Debasish Samanta, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 60 Lacs.

Debasree Chaudhuri, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Debjit Roy Chowdhury, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Debjit Sarkar, a member of the BJP Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deblina Hembram, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 44 Thou.

Deepa Dasmunsi, a member of the INC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Deepak Adhikari, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 31 Crore, liabilities amounting to 78 Lacs.

Dhananjoy Banerjee, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhananjoy Barman, a member of the Welfare Party Of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhananjoy Dalai, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dhananjoy Sarkar, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dibyendu Adhikari, a member of the AITC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 83 Lacs.

Digbijay Mandal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 37 Thou.

Dilip Kumar Ghosh, a member of the BJP Party, with 14 criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dinesh Maikap, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Dinesh Trivedi, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Dipak Kumar Das, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 94 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Dipak Kumar Roy, a member of the Kamatapur Peoples Party (United), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Thou.

Dipankar Baidya, a member of the Rashtriya Janasachetan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dipendu Mahato, a member of the JMM Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Dr Nazrul Islam, a member of the Mulnibasi Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Dr. Ashok Kandary, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Dr. Kakoli Ghoshdastidar, a member of the AITC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 14 Lacs.

Dr. Mriganka Mahato, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Dr. Sarat Chandra Haldar, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dr. Ujjwal Kumar Ghatak, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Dudh Kumar Mondal, a member of the BJP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 65 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Dulal Chandra Hembram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Durbadal Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Durgadas Hajra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 13 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Faruk Ahamed, a member of the Rashtravadi Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Firoj Ali, a member of the Bharatiya National Janta Dal Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 90 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Fuad Halim, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Fulchand Mandal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ganesh Das, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gargi Chatterjee, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 57 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam Kumar Shaw, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam Mitra, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gautam Ray, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gergory Trikey, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, a Graduate, assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Gobinda Chandra Roy, a member of the AIFB Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Gopal Naskar, a member of the Rashtriya Janasachetan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Gopal Raut, a member of the IND Party, with 11 criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 61 Lacs.

Gour Chandra (Akhan) Hembram, a member of the Jharkhand Peoples Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Gouranga Chatterjee, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harekrishna Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Harekrishna Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 46, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Haribhakta Sardar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Haripada Biswas, a member of the AIFB Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Harka Bahadur Chhetri, a member of the All India Jana Andolan Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Hasim Akhtar, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 27 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Humayun Kabir, a member of the BJP Party, with 10 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 49 Lacs.

Humayun Kabir Sekh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Imam Hossain, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Imamul Hasan Mallik, a member of the Bharatiya Nyay-Adhikar Raksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Imtiaz Ahmed Mollah, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to 10 Thou.

Indranil Banerjee, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Intaj Ali Shah, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Isha Khan Choudhury, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Iswar Chandra Das, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Jagannath Sarkar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jageswar Hembram, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jawaharlal Mahato, a member of the Mulnibasi Party of India, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Jayanta Debnath, a member of the Aihra National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jayanta Kumar Roy, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Jaykrishna Haldar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jha Shantanu, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Jhantu Lal Pakre, a member of the Bharatiya Nyay-Adhikar Raksha Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jhuma Saha, a member of the Party for Democratic Socialism, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jiban Krishna Majumder, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 59 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Jitendra Nath Roy, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

John Barla, a member of the BJP Party, with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Joseph Kisku, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Joy Banerjee, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Joydeb Das, a member of the Bharateeya Manavadhikar party, with 14 criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 91 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 30 Lacs.

Jyoti Kumari Das, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 29 Lacs.

Jyotirmay Singh Mahato, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Kajal Banerjee, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 13 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalipada Jana, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kalyan Banerjee, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 17 Crore, liabilities amounting to 55 Lacs.

Kalyan Chaubey, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 16 Lacs.

Kamarujjaman Khandekar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kanai Sit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 28 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kangsa Raj Barman, a member of the Kamatapur Peoples Party (United), with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kaninika Bose (Ghosh), a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 74 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 12 Lacs.

Kartick Naskar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kartik Kayal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, a Graduate, assets valued at 21 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kashi Nath Malick, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 16 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kashinath Das, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kashinath Dutta, a member of the RPI(A) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kashinath Murmu, a member of the Indian Unity Centre Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kenaram Misra, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Khagen Murmu, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Khalilur Rahaman, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, a Graduate, assets valued at 36 Crore, liabilities amounting to 22 Lacs.

Khandakar Md. Saifullah (Saiful), a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Khokan Barman, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Khushi Ranjan Mondal, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krishanpal Balmiki, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Krishna Joyardar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Krittibas Sardar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Kumaresh Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kunar Hembram, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Kundan Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Kushadhaj Bala, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 45 Thou.

Lachman Rajak, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakshman Chandra Seth, a member of the INC Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Lakshman Murmu, a member of the Ambedkarite Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Laxmikanta Mahata, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Locket Chatterjee, a member of the BJP Party, with 14 criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Madhusudan Bera, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mafuja Khatun, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahadeb Bauri, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 39, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Maheswar Hembram, a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Jharkhand Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mahua Moitra, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Makhan Mahapatra, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Maksuda Khatun, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Mala Roy, a member of the AITC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mamata Thakur, a member of the AITC Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mamtaz Sanghamita, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manas Chakraborty, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manas Majumder, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 84 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manas Pradhan, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 78 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 2 Lacs.

Manas Ranjan Bhunia, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 6 Crore, liabilities amounting to 26 Lacs.

Mangal Kumar Sardar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mangal Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mani Kumar Darnal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Manjur Alahi Munshi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 95 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Manmohan Garodia, a member of the Rashtriya Ahinsa Manch Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Marphat Ali Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mausam Noor, a member of the AITC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Md Habibur Rahaman, a member of the Jamat-E-Seratul Mustakim Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 55 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Imtiaz Khan, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Moazzem Hossain, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md Zahir Alam, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Alam, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Dulal Hoque, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 78 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Ezaruddin, a member of the Jamat-E-Seratul Mustakim Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 79, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Goribulla Molla, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Jalaluddin Mondal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Rezaul Karim, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 15 Lacs.

Md. Sahajan Badsha, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 57 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Salim, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Md. Samiruddin, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 26 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Shanawaz, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Shyead Ahamed, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Tabarok Hossain Molla, a member of the All India Labour Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Taiedul Islam, a member of the SDPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Md. Zulfikar Ali, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Mijanul Haque, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Milan Mandi, a member of the IND Party, with 5 criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mili Oraon, a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 28 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Mimi Chakraborty, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 19 Lacs.

Minati Biswas, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Minati Sarkar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mir Tipu Sultan Ali, a member of the Party for Democratic Socialism, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 51, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 79 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Mita Chakraborty, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 44 Crore, liabilities amounting to 18 Crore.

Mizanoor Rahaman, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Mohan Hasda, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mohanlal Basumata, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Monatan Hembram, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, a Graduate, assets valued at 65 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Motyar Rahaman, a member of the Bharat Prabhat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 31 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Mrinal Kanti Bhattacharjee, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 35 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mrinal Kanti Debnath, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 68, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 49 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 33 Lacs.

Mrityunjoy Mahato, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 10 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Mukul Biswas, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 44 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Muslima Khatun, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nalin Chandra Murmu, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nandini Mukherjee, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 38 Lacs.

Naran Tudu, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narayan Chandra Khan, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 32 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Narendra Nath Hembram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Naresh Chandra Barui, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, a Graduate, assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 20 Thou.

Naresh Chandra Roy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 70 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Naresh Kr Singh, a member of the Jan Sangh Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 57 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nasmul Hoque, a member of the Party for Democratic Socialism, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 35, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 52 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nepal Mahata, a member of the INC Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Nepaldeb Bhattacharya, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nilanjan Roy, a member of the BJP Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 45 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Lacs.

Nimai Besara, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, who is illiterate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Niraj Agarwal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 84 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nirapada Modak, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 50 Thou.

Nirmal Kumar Roy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nirmal Majhi, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 19 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nirode Chandra Adhikary, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nitish Kumar Mandal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Nitya Das, a member of the Aihra National Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Noor Hossain Mondal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Noorsed Alam, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 27, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Nubash Chandra Barman, a member of the Kamatapur Peoples Party (United), with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Nusrat Jahan Ruhi, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Oli Mahammad Mallick, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with 32 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Omprakash Prajapati, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pallab Sengupta, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate, assets valued at 60 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pankaj Gar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Panna Lal Shaw, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 89 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pappu Ahamed, a member of the Aihra National Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paresh Chandra Das, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Paresh Haldar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Parimal Mistri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 15 Thou.

Paritosh Pattanayak, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Piya Roy Chowdhury, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 72 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Prabhash Chandra Kar, a member of the Rashtriya Janadhikar Suraksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabhat Roy, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabir Banerjee, a member of the Jharkhand Anushilan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 75 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabir Mukhopadhyay, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prabir Sarkar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradip Chaudhuri, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradip Saha, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 58, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 16 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pradyut Chowdhuri, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prasad Halder, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prasen Jayant Kindo, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, a Graduate, assets valued at 86 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Prasun Banerjee, a member of the AITC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pratima Mondal, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pratul Chandra Saha, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 57, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Pronab Kumar Jatua, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Prosanta Malik, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 90 Thou.

Purna Chandra Naiya, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 81 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Quazi Abdur Rahim, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 51, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rabichan Rabha, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rabindranath Bera, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 75, a Graduate, assets valued at 61 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rahul (Biswajit) Sinha, a member of the BJP Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 20 Lacs.

Rajesh Singh, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rajib Mahato, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Raju Bista, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 15 Crore, liabilities amounting to 2 Crore.

Raju Paul, a member of the IND Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramchandra Dome, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 23 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramkrishna Malik, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 32, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 74 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ramkrishna Sarkar, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Ramprasad Das, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to 49 Lacs.

Ramu Mandi, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranajit Mukherjee, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 89 Thou.

Ranen Barman, a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranendra Nath Mali, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rangalal Kumar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 48, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ranjit Kumar Mohanta, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 63 Thou.

Ranjit Kumar Roy, a member of the Samajwadi Jan Parishad Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 43 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Rantidev Sengupta, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 56 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ratan Mandal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 47, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 9 Thou.

Rathindra Nath Roy, a member of the Purvanchal Janta Party (Secular), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 52, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Ratna De, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 70, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Reseeka Chettri, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 29, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rinku Gupta, a member of the Pyramid Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with other educational qualifications, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Rita Dutta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Rupa Khan, a member of the Bharatiya Nyay-Adhikar Raksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 11 Thou.

Rupali Biswas, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 25, a Graduate, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 17 Lacs.

Sachimohan Barman, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 15 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saikh Id Mohammad, a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, a Graduate, assets valued at 39 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Sajal Adhikari, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sajda Ahmed, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, no assets, liabilities amounting to 53 Lacs.

Sakti Mohan Malik, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 17 Thou.

Saman Pathak, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 7 criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, a Graduate, assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samaresh Biswas, a member of the Party for Democratic Socialism, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 42 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 38 Thou.

Sambhunath Chattapadhyay, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samik Bhattacharya, a member of the BJP Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samir Biswas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samir Mitra, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Samir Mondal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Samiran Das, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 45 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sandip Sarkar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sanjit Khan, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 37 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sankar Deb Mondal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 64, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 26 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sankar Malakar, a member of the INC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sankar Mondal, a member of the Rashtriya Jan Adhikar Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 36, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 49 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santanu Roy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 64 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santhapan Hasdak, a member of the JMM Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 43, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Santosh Kumar, a member of the SHS Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, a Graduate, assets valued at 62 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 23 Lacs.

Sarfaraz Khan, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 43, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 29 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satabdi Roy (Banerjee), a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Crore.

Satadal Metya, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Satya Brata Bandyopadhyay, a member of the Rashtriya Janadhikar Suraksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saumitra Khan, a member of the BJP Party, with 6 criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 86 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Saurav Basu, a member of the Rashtriya Janadhikar Suraksha Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 36, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Saurav Saha, a member of the INC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 52 Lacs.

Sayantan Basu, a member of the BJP Party, with 14 criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 53 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sekh Fatik, a member of the Bharatiya Nyay-Adhikar Raksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 58 Thou.

Sekhar Mondal, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shaikh Khoda Box, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 74, a Graduate, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shailendra Kumar Jaiswal, a member of the IND Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, a Graduate, assets valued at 92 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 41 Thou.

Shamimul Islam, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shampa Sil, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 22 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shankar Das, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shantanu Thakur, a member of the BJP Party, with 8 criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, a Graduate, assets valued at 52 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shoma Ranisree Roy, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyam Prasad Ram, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Shyama Prasad Halder, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 46, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 35 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Shyamal Kumar Palit, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 18 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Shyamal Santra, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Siddhartha Majumdar, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 37, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sidharthasankar Naskar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Simal Saren, a member of the Indian Unity Centre Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 6 Lacs.

Simanta Mondal, a member of the Rashtravadi Janata Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sisir Kumar Adhikari, a member of the AITC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sisir Samanta, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 41 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sk. Ibrahim Ali, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 31, a Graduate, assets valued at 4 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sougata Ray, a member of the AITC Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 71, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 4 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Soumen Sarkar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 42, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 17 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 78 Thou.

Soumya Aich Roy, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 5 Lacs.

Sourav Prosad, a member of the INC Party, with 3 criminal cases on record, at the age of 28, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 30 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 39 Thou.

Sourav Singh, a member of the IND Party, with 4 criminal cases on record, at the age of 26, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 90 Lacs.

Sreemati (Moon Moon) Dev Varma (Sen), a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 10 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sreerupa Mitra Chaudhury, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 54, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 28 Lacs.

Sri Nisith Pramanik, a member of the BJP Party, with 11 criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 96 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sridhar Chandra Bagari, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 54 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subal Chandra Roy, a member of the Kamatapur Peoples Party (United), with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 66 Thou.

Subhas Kumar Sarkar, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 65, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 1 Crore, liabilities amounting to 32 Lacs.

Subhas Naskar, a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate, assets valued at 40 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Barman, a member of the Kamatapur Peoples Party (United), with 9 criminal cases on record, at the age of 59, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 98 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Biswas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Sarkar, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 34, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Sarkar, a member of the SHS Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 47 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhash Verma, a member of the Jan Sangharsh Virat Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with primary education (5th standard), assets valued at 60 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subhasis Kumar Bhowmik, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 55, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 47 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subimal Sengupta, a member of the CPI(ML)(L) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, a Graduate, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subir Das, a member of the New Democratic Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 41 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subodh Barman, a member of the Amra Bangalee Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 62, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 14 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subrata Biswas, a member of the Bahujan Mukti Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subrata Bose, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate, assets valued at 46 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subrata Dutta, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Subrata Mukherjee, a member of the AITC Party, with 2 criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, with a Post Graduate degree, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sucheta Banerjee, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sudarsan Manna, a member of the Samajtantric Party of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 73, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sudip Mandal, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 25 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Sujan Krishna Paul, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 40, a Graduate, assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sujata Banerjee, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 64, a Graduate, assets valued at 33 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukanta Majumdar, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 40, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 58 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Sukchand Saren, a member of the CPI(ML) Red Star Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 8 Hund, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukomal Adak, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 33, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sukumar Bala, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 73 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 8 Lacs.

Sumanta Bhowmick, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 58, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to 21 Lacs.

Sumitro Adhikary, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 19 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Khan, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 72, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Sunil Kumar Mondal, a member of the AITC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Sunil Pandit, a member of the Rashtriya Janasachetan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 39, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Surajit Senapati, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 30, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 13 Lacs.

Surendrajeet Singh Ahluwalia, a member of the BJP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 67, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 2 Crore, liabilities amounting to 7 Lacs.

Susanta Kumar Dalui, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 43 Thou.

Sushil Mandi, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 38, a Graduate, assets valued at 8 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Suvra Ghosh, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, a Graduate, assets valued at 47 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swapan Kumar Mandal, a member of the Rashtriya Janasachetan Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swapan Kumar Roy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 49, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 24 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 1 Lacs.

Swapan Manna, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate, assets valued at 32 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swapan Mondal, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, a Graduate, assets valued at 19 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Swaraj Das, a member of the IND Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 52, a Graduate, assets valued at 11 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 40 Thou.

Swarnalata Sarkar, a member of the Bharatiya Nyay-Adhikar Raksha Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 1 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 82 Thou.

Syed Qasim Rasool Ilyas, a member of the Welfare Party Of India, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 65, who holds a Doctorate degree, assets valued at 97 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Syed Shahid Imam, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 57, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 7 Crore, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tanmay Dutta, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 53, a Graduate, assets valued at 7 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tanmay Mandal, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate Professional, assets valued at 68 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 10 Lacs.

Tapan Ganguli, a member of the CPI Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 63, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tapan Kumar Ray, a member of the BJP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 55, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 20 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 18 Lacs.

Tapan Mondal, a member of the INC Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 50, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 36 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 60 Thou.

Tapas Kumar Kar, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 45, who is illiterate, assets valued at 3 Crore, liabilities amounting to 3 Lacs.

Tapash Sarkar, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 10 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tarani Roy, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 66, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 9 Thou, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tarun Kumar Das, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 61, with a Post Graduate degree, assets valued at 93 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tirthankar Ray, a member of the CPI(M) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 28 Thou.

Tushar Ghosh, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 56, a Graduate, assets valued at 9 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Tushar Jana, a member of the SUCI(C) Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 60, who has completed higher secondary education (12th standard), assets valued at 5 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uday Veer Choudhury, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 41, a Graduate Professional, no assets, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uddhab Roy, a member of the BSP Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 54, a Graduate, assets valued at 77 Lacs, liabilities amounting to 4 Lacs.

Uma Charan Mahato, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 77, who is literate but with unspecified formal education, assets valued at 12 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Utpal Biswas, a member of the IND Party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 44, a Graduate, assets valued at 3 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Uttam Tantubay, a member of the Bharateeya Manavadhikar party, with no criminal cases on record, at the age of 48, who has completed middle school (8th standard), assets valued at 6 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

Vijay Kumar Mahato, a member of the BSP Party, with 1 criminal case on record, at the age of 49, who has completed secondary education (10th standard), assets valued at 2 Lacs, liabilities amounting to nan.

